For personal use only

AD1 Holdings Limited
ACN 123 129 162
Suite 102, 697 Burke Rd
Hawthorn East, VIC 3132

AD1 extends Managed Services Agreement with Victoria Government

Melbourne, Australia, 7 July 2020: AD1 Holdings Limited (ASX: AD1) (AD1 or the Company) today
announced that it has extended its Managed Services Agreement (MSA) with Victoria Government for up to
a further three (3) years.
The total three-year term, structured as three one-year extensions to the current contract for hosting and
maintenance services, extends the completion date to 30 June 2023.
The partnership with the Victoria Government also provides a pipeline of projects to enhance the platform
in line with the agreed joint development roadmap. In addition to the MSA, the Company has been
engaged to support integration of the Careers.Vic platform with the VIC Jobs API Gateway that is currently
being developed in partnership with Department of Premier and Cabinet’s API Gateway team.
AD1 CEO, Prashant Chandra, said:
“It is very pleasing that both the NSW and Victorian governments have chosen to extend their partnership
with AD1 on multi-year terms. The strength of the relationship with both governments is based on AD1’s
ability to continuously innovate, ultimately providing a more cost efficient and effective way for the
country’s two largest employers to connect with jobseekers.”.
“Enhancing employer-jobseeker connectivity has been our goal with the careers platform and it is very
pleasing to see it successfully manifest through our contracts with the NSW and Victoria Governments.”
“This contract extension, along with the other major managed services contracts, bolsters and locks in
almost 97% of our employment platform subscription business revenue in multi-year contracts and
demonstrates the sustainability of that revenue base. In addition, AD1 is in late stage discussions to secure
new contracts across both its career-platform and utilities software products.”
END
This release has been authorised by the Board of Directors.

Andrew Henderson

Prashant Chandra

Chairman
AD1 Holdings Limited
03 8199 0455

CEO
AD1 Holdings Limited
03 8199 0455

