For personal use only

CAPITAL RAISING TO FURTHER

ACCELERATE
GROWTH
NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE
SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN
THE UNITED STATES

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

IMPORTANT NOTICES
AND DISCLAIMER

For personal use only

This presentation (“Presentation”) has been prepared by Afterpay Limited (ACN 618 280
649) ("APT" or the “Company”) in connection with (i) an institutional placement of new
fully paid ordinary shares ("New Shares") in the Company ("Placement") and (ii) an offer
of New Shares to eligible shareholders under a share purchase plan ("SPP") (the
Placement and SPP together being the "Offer"). The Placement is jointly managed and
fully underwritten by the joint lead managers (the "Joint Lead Managers"). The SPP is
not underwritten.
Summary information
This Presentation contains summary information about the current activities of the
Company and its subsidiaries (the "APT Group”) as at the date of this Presentation. The
information in this Presentation is of a general nature and does not purport to be
complete. This Presentation does not purport to contain all the information that an
investor should consider when making an investment decision nor does it contain all
the information which would be required in a disclosure document or prospectus
prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
("Corporations Act"). Certain market and industry data used in connection with this
Presentation may have been obtained from research, surveys or studies conducted by
third parties, including industry or general publications. Neither APT nor its
representatives have independently verified any such market or industry data provided
by third parties or industry or general publications. The information in this presentation
should be read in conjunction with the Company’s other periodic and continuous
disclosure announcements lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"),
which are available at www.asx.com.au.
Not an offer
This Presentation is for information purposes only and is not a prospectus, disclosure
document, product disclosure statement or other offering document under Australian
law or any other law Neither is this presentation financial product advice, investment
advice or any recommendation. Accordingly, this presentation does not contain all the
information that would be required to be included in a prospectus, product disclosure
statement or other disclosure or offer document prepared in accordance with the
requirements of the Corporations Act and has not been lodged with the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or any other financial services or
securities regulator. This Presentation is not and should not be considered an offer or an
invitation to subscribe for or acquire securities or any other financial products.
The Placement will be conducted under section 708A of the Corporations Act and will
be made available to certain persons who are "professional" or "sophisticated" investors
(as defined in subsections 708(8) and 708(11) of the Corporations Act). The SPP will only
be made available to eligible shareholders in Australia and New Zealand and will be
conducted in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Share and Interest Purchase Plans)
Instrument 2019/547. Determination of eligibility of investors for the purposes of the
Offer is determined by reference to a number of matters, including legal requirements
and the discretion of the Company and the Joint Lead Managers. To the maximum
extent permitted by law, the Company and the Joint Lead Managers each disclaim any
liability in respect of the exercise of that discretion or otherwise.

International restrictions

Financial data

This Presentation does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to
purchase, subscribe or sell securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction
in which such an offer would be illegal. No public offering of the New Shares will
be made in the United States or in any other jurisdiction where such an offering
is restricted or prohibited.

All dollar values are in Australian dollars (“A$”) and financial data is presented as
at and for the full year ended 30 June 2020 unless otherwise stated. Investors
should note that this Presentation contains pro forma financial information.
The pro forma financial information provided in this Presentation is for
illustrative purposes only and is not represented as being indicative of the
Company’s (or anyone else’s) views on the Company’s future financial position
and/or performance. The pro forma financial information has been prepared by
the Company in accordance with the measurement and recognition
requirements, but not the disclosure requirements, of applicable accounting
standards and other mandatory requirements in Australia. Please note that all
financial data as at 30 June 2020 is unaudited. Final FY20 results are expected
to be released on Thursday, 27 August 2020

The distribution of this Presentation in other jurisdictions outside Australia may
also be restricted by law and any such restrictions should be observed. Any
failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable
securities laws (see “International Selling Restrictions” section of this
Presentation). By accepting this Presentation you represent and warrant that
you are entitled to receive such presentation in accordance with the above
restrictions and agree to be bound by the limitations contained herein.
Not for release or distribution in the United States of America
This Presentation and the information contained herein does not constitute an
offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United
States or any other jurisdiction in which such an offer would be illegal. The New
Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of
1933 (the Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of
the United States. Accordingly, the New Shares to be offered and sold in the
Placement may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the United States
unless the New Shares have been registered under the Securities Act (which the
Company has no obligation to do or procure) or are offered or sold pursuant to
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable securities laws of any state or
other jurisdiction of the United States.
Not financial product advice

This Presentation does not constitute financial product or investment advice (nor
tax, accounting or legal advice) nor is it a recommendation to subscribe for or
acquire New Shares and does not and will not form any part of any contract for
the subscription or acquisition of New Shares. This Presentation has been
prepared without taking into account the specific objectives, financial situation
or needs of individual investors. Before making an investment decision,
prospective investors should consider the appropriateness of the information
having regard to their own objectives, financial situation and needs and seek
appropriate advice, including financial, legal and taxation advice appropriate to
their jurisdiction and circumstances. The Company is not licensed to provide
financial product advice in respect of its shares. Cooling off rights do not apply to
the acquisition of New Shares.

Recipients of this Presentation should also be aware that certain financial
information included in this presentation are (i) “non-IFRS financial
information” under ASIC Regulatory Guide 230: “Disclosing non-IFRS financial
information” and (ii) “non-GAAP financial measures” under Regulation G of the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These measures include
EBITDA, net transaction margin and net transaction loss. The disclosure of such
non-GAAP financial measures in the manner included in this Presentation may
not be permissible in a registration statement under the Securities Act.
The Company believes the non-IFRS financial information and non-GAAP
financial measures provide useful information to users in measuring the
financial performance and conditions of the Company. The non-IFRS financial
information and non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized
meaning prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards (AAS) or
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), and therefore, may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other entities and should
not be construed as an alternative or replacement to other financial measures
determined in accordance with AAS or IFRS. Recipients of this Presentation are
cautioned to not place undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information or
non-GAAP financial measures included in this presentation.
Past Performance
Past performance information given in this Presentation is given for illustrative
purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and is not) an indication of
future performance.
The historical information in this presentation is, or is based upon, information
contained in previous announcements made by APT to the market. These
announcements are available at www.asx.com.au.

2

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

IMPORTANT NOTICES
AND DISCLAIMER

For personal use only

Future performance
This Presentation contains certain “forward looking statements”. Forward looking
statements can generally be identified by the use of forward looking words such
as, “expect”, “anticipate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “predict”, “plan”,
“propose”, “will”, “believe”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “target” “outlook”, “guidance” and
other similar expressions and include, but are not limited to, indications of, or
guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial position or performance of
the Company, the outcome and effects of the Offer, and the use of proceeds
from the Offer. The forward looking statements contained in this Presentation
are not guarantees or predictions of future performance and involve known and
unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond
the control of the Company, and may involve significant elements of subjective
judgement and assumptions as to future events which may or may not be
correct. Neither the Company, nor any other person, gives any representation,
assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the vents expressed or implied in
any forward looking statements in this Presentation will actually occur.
You are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, particularly in light of the current economic climate and the
significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption caused by the outbreak of
COVID-19. Any such statements, opinions and estimates in this presentation
speak only as of the date hereof and are based on assumptions and
contingencies subject to change without notice, as are statements about
market and industry trends, projections, guidance and estimates. Forwardlooking statements are provided as a general guide only. The forward-looking
statements contained in this presentation are not indications, guarantees or
predictions of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and
uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of APT,
and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions
as to future events which may or may not be correct. Forward-looking
statements may also assume the success of APT’s business strategies. The
success of any of these strategies is subject to uncertainties and contingencies
beyond APT’s control, and no assurance can be given that any of the strategies
will be effective or that the anticipated benefits from the strategies will be
realised in the period for which the forward-looking statements may have been
prepared or otherwise. Refer to the key risks set out in this presentation for a
non-exhaustive summary of certain key business, offer and general risk factors
that may affect APT.
There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from
these forward-looking statements. Several important factors could cause actual
results or performance to differ materially from the forward-looking statements,
including (without limitation) the risks and uncertainties associated with the
ongoing impacts of COVID-19, the Australian and global economic environment
and capital market conditions and other risk factors set out in this presentation.
Other risks may materially affect the future performance of APT and the price of
APT Shares. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
management or that management currently believe not to be material may also
affect APT’s business.

No representation, warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in
relation to any forward-looking statement by any person (including APT or any of its
advisers). In particular, no representation, warranty or assurance (express or implied)
is given that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forwardlooking statements in this presentation will actually occur. Actual operations,
results, performance, production targets or achievement may vary materially from
any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions on which
those statements are based. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the
Company and its directors, officers, partners, employees, advisers, agents and
intermediaries disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or
revisions to the information to reflect any change in expectations or assumptions.
Except as required by law or regulation (including the ASX Listing Rules), the
Company undertakes no obligation to provide any additional or updated
information whether as a result of new information, future events or results or
otherwise. Indications of, and guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial
position or performance are also forward looking statements.
Effect of rounding
A number of figures, amounts, percentages, estimates, calculations of value and
fractions in this Presentation are subject to the effect of rounding. Accordingly, the
actual calculation of these figures may differ from the figures set out in this
Presentation.
Investment risk
An investment in the Company's shares is subject to investment and other known
and unknown risks, some of which are beyond the control of the Company,
including possible loss of income and principal invested. The Company does not
guarantee any particular rate of return or the performance of the Company, nor
does it guarantee the repayment of capital from the Company or any particular tax
treatment. In considering an investment in the Company's shares, investors should
have regard to (amongst other things) the risks outlined in this Presentation.
Joint Lead Managers
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as joint lead managers of the Placement. The
Joint Lead Managers have not authorised, permitted or caused the issue or
lodgment, submission, dispatch or provision of this Presentation and there is no
statement in this Presentation which is based on any statement made by them or
by their affiliates, related bodies corporates, directors, officers, partners, employees
or advisers (together the "Limited Parties"). To the maximum extent permitted by
law, each of the Limited Parties expressly disclaim all liabilities in respect of, and
make no representations or warranties regarding, and take no responsibility for, any
part of this Presentation other than references to their name and make no
representation or warranty (express or implied) as to the currency, accuracy,
reliability, reasonableness or completeness of the information in this Presentation,
nor do they make any recommendation as to whether any potential investor should
participate in the offer of New Shares under the Offer.

The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates are full service financial institutions
engaged in various activities, which may include trading, financing, corporate advisory,
financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment,
hedging, market making, brokerage and other financial and non-financial activities and
services. The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates have provided, and may in the
future provide, financial advisory, financing services and other services to APT and to
persons and entities with relationships with APT, for which they received or will receive
customary fees and expenses. In the ordinary course of its various business activities, the
Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may purchase, sell or hold a broad array of
investments and actively trade securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies,
credit default swaps and other financial instruments for their own account and for the
accounts of their customers, and such investment and trading activities may involve or
relate to assets, securities and/or instruments of APT, and/or persons and entities with
relationships with APT. The Joint Lead Managers and their affiliates may also
communicate independent investment recommendations, market colour or trading
ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such assets,
securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they
should acquire, long and/or short positions in such assets, securities and instruments.
One or more entities within one or more Joint Lead Managers' respective groups act as
a financier or counterparty to APT or its affiliates and may now or in the future provide
financial accommodation or services to APT or its affiliates.
In connection with the Placement, one or more investors may elect to acquire an
economic interest in the New Securities (Economic Interest), instead of subscribing for
or acquiring the legal or beneficial interest in those securities. The Joint Lead Managers
(or their respective affiliates) may, for their own respective accounts, write derivative
transactions with those investors relating to the New Securities to provide the
Economic Interest, or otherwise acquire securities in APT in connection with the writing
of those derivative transactions in the Placement and/or the secondary market. As a
result of those transactions, the Joint Lead Managers (or their respective affiliates) may
be allocated, subscribe for or acquire New Securities or securities of APT in the
Placement and/or the secondary market, including to hedge those derivative
transactions, as well as hold long or short positions in those securities. These
transactions may, together with other securities in APT acquired by the Joint Lead
Managers or their affiliates in connection with its ordinary course sales and trading,
principal investing and other activities, result in the Joint Lead Managers or their
affiliates disclosing a substantial holding and earning fee.
The Joint Lead Managers (and/or their respective affiliates) may also receive and retain
other fees, profits and financial benefits in each of the above capacities and in
connection with the above activities, including in their capacity as a Joint Lead Manager
to the Offer.
The Joint Lead Managers and their respective Limited Parties disclaim (and by
accepting this presentation you disclaim) any fiduciary relationship between them and
the recipients of this presentation, or any duty to the recipients of this presentation or
participants in the Placement. Determination of eligibility of investors for the purposes
of the Placement is determined by reference to a number of matters, and is at the
discretion of Afterpay and the Joint Lead Managers. Afterpay, the Joint Lead Managers
and their respective Limited Parties disclaim any liability in respect of the exercise of
that discretion, to the maximum extent permitted by law.

3

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

EXECUTIVE
SUMMARY
CAPITAL RAISING TO FURTHER
ACCELERATE GROWTH

EQUITY RAISING
PLACEMENT AND DETAILS

CO-FOUNDER
SELL-DOWN

Afterpay has continued on its growth
trajectory in FY20 and Q4 FY20. Since the
impacts from COVID-19 began, we have seen
consumers:

Undertaking a fully underwritten institutional
Placement to raise $650m

Concurrent with the Placement, Afterpay cofounders, Anthony Eisen and Nicholas Molnar
have each agreed to sell 2.05m shares,
representing 10% of their respective holdings in
Afterpay

●
●
●

shift further towards online spending
increase their focus on budgeting
develop a greater aversion to traditional
credit products

Achieving $11.1b of underlying sales in FY20
demonstrates that the Company is well
positioned to exceed our underlying sales
target of $20b by the end of FY221
Afterpay is raising additional capital to
accelerate its investment in growing
underlying sales, and prioritising global
expansion in the short term to maximise
shareholder value in the longer term

Pricing will be determined via an institutional
bookbuild, with an underwritten floor price of
$61.75 per New Share representing a 9.2%
discount to the closing price on 6 July 2020
Final pricing and allocation decisions will be
determined on behalf of Afterpay by an
independent sub-committee of its Board in
consultation with the joint lead managers and
financial adviser. It is intended that eligible
shareholders, who bid for up to their ‘pro-rata’
share of New Shares under the Placement, at
the final price, will be allocated their full bid, on
a best endeavours basis.

Pro forma cash balance as at 31 May 2020 of
$1,194.9m2

The Co-founder Sell-down will be fully
underwritten with pricing determined under
the bookbuild for the institutional Placement
Mr. Eisen and Mr. Molnar are each expected to
remain Afterpay’s largest shareholders (subject
to allocation of New Shares under the
Placement and the Co-founder Sell-down) with
a relevant interest in approximately 18.4m
shares each
Mr. Eisen and Mr. Molnar remain committed to
Afterpay and have each confirmed that they
will not sell any further shares until after the
Company’s 2020 AGM

NOTE: 1. THIS IS A TARGET ONLY, NOT A FORECAST. ACHIEVING IT IS SUBJECT TO A LARGE NUMBER OF RISKS, MANY OF WHICH ARE OUT OF OUR CONTROL. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THIS TARGET WILL BE MET, AND WE DO NOT REPRESENT THAT IT IS NECESSARILY ACHIEVABLE OR
THAT OUR STRATEGY WILL NOT CHANGE; 2. EXCLUDES POTENTIAL PROCEEDS FROM THE SPP

4

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

AGENDA

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

4

TRADING UPDATE

6

CAPITAL RAISING

10

APPENDIX A:
KEY RISKS
APPENDIX B:
SUMMARY OF UNDERWRITING ARRANGEMENTS
APPENDIX C:
INTERNATIONAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS

14

22
26

5

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

TRADING UPDATE
HIGHLIGHTS1
STRONG PERFORMANCE IN
FY20

EXCEEDING CUSTOMER
TARGETS

GLOBAL FOOTPRINT
EXPANSION

Strong performance across the business
delivered underlying sales of $11.1b in
FY20

Strong new customer acquisition saw
the Company exceed its target of 9.5m
active customers by the end of FY20

Expansion into Canada and rollout of instore in the US expected in Q1 FY21

customers2

Active
above FY19

of 9.9m for FY20, 116%

Active merchants2 reached 55.4k in
FY20, 72% above FY19
Net Transaction Margin (NTM) for FY20
is expected to be approximately 2%

Key active customer milestones were
achieved in both the US and the UK in
June 2020, with the US reaching 5.6m
and the UK 1m active customers
Customer engagement remained
strong with 91% of global underlying
sales coming from repeat purchasers
during Q4 FY20

Our updated global expansion roadmap
will see us launch in Canada in Q1 FY21,
and has the potential to see us launch
into new markets in late 2020 or early
2021
Exploring a number of small M&A
opportunities to accelerate roll out
across potential new international
markets. Due diligence is being
undertaken, however, there is no
certainty that any deal will be
completed

NOTE: CHANGE CALCULATIONS MAY NOT EQUATE DUE TO ROUNDING; 1. ALL FINANCIAL RESULTS SHOWN IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020 (FY20) ARE UNAUDITED AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE. ALL FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FY20 PERIOD ARE
COMPRISED OF ACTUAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED) FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO DATE 31 MAY 2020 AND A FORECAST FOR THE MONTH OF JUNE 2020; 2. DEFINED AS HAVING TRANSACTED AT LEAST ONCE IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS

6

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

FY20 KEY METRICS
UNDERLYING
SALES
A$ BILLIONS
(unaudited)

112%

11.1

5.2

AFTERPAY
ACTIVE
CUSTOMERS

AFTERPAY
ACTIVE
MERCHANTS

MILLIONS1

THOUSANDS1

116%

9.9

72%

55.4

32.3

4.6

MARGIN PERFORMANCE
AND EBITDA
Afterpay merchant revenue margins for
FY202 are expected to be in line with or
better than H1 FY20 and FY19
Net Transaction Loss (NTL) for FY202 is
expected to be up to 55 basis points. ANZ
NTL has remained at historically low levels
and NTL within the US and UK regions has
improved in 2H FY20 compared to 1H FY20
as a result of improving risk performance
and historically high payment recovery
rates
NTM for FY202 is expected to be
approximately 2%, underpinning a pathway
to longer term profitability for the overall
business
EBITDA (excluding significant items)3 for
FY202 is expected to be between $20-25m

FY19

FY20

FY19

FY20

FY19

FY20

Final FY20 results are expected to be
released on Thursday, 27 August 2020

NOTE: CHANGE CALCULATIONS MAY NOT EQUATE DUE TO ROUNDING; 1. DEFINED AS HAVING TRANSACTED AT LEAST ONCE IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS; 2. ALL FINANCIAL RESULTS SHOWN IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2020 (FY20) ARE
UNAUDITED AND SUBJECT TO CHANGE. ALL FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FY20 PERIOD ARE COMPRISED OF ACTUAL RESULTS (UNAUDITED) FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO DATE 31 MAY 2020 AND A FORECAST FOR THE MONTH OF JUNE 2020; 3. SIGNIFICANT ITEMS INCLUDE
EXPENSES RELATED TO ONE-OFF ITEMS, SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS AND FOREIGN CURRENCY GAINS OR LOSSES WHICH ARE STILL BEING FINALISED. IN FY20, FOREIGN CURRENCY GAINS MAY BE HIGHER THAN PRIOR PERIODS DUE TO FAVOURABLE FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE
MOVEMENTS IN THE PERIOD

7

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

BUSINESS PERFORMANCE
BY REGION
GLOBAL (A$)
(UNAUDITED)

Q4
FY20

Q4
FY19

Q4
VARIANCE

FY20

FY19

VARIANCE

UNDERLYING SALES

3.8b

1.7b

127%

11.1b

5.2b

112%

ANZ

2.0b

1.3b

57%

6.6b

4.3b

52%

US

1.6b

0.4b

299%

4.0b

0.9b

UK

0.2b

0.0b

na

0.6b

0.0b

NOTE: CHANGE CALCULATIONS MAY NOT EQUATE DUE TO ROUNDING; 1. DEFINED AS HAVING TRANSACTED AT LEAST ONCE IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS

GLOBAL
(UNAUDITED)

AS AT
30 JUNE 2020

AS AT
30 JUNE 2019

VARIANCE

ACTIVE CUSTOMERS1

9.9m

4.6m

116%

ANZ

3.3m

2.8m

18%

330%

US

5.6m

1.8m

219%

na

UK

1.0m

0.0m

na

ACTIVE MERCHANTS1

55.4k

32.3k

72%

ANZ

42.8k

28.4k

51%

US

11.5k

3.8k

202%

UK

1.1k

0.0k

na

8

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

GLOBAL EXPANSION
NEW
MARKETS

IN-STORE
IN THE US

•

Planning for expansion into Canada
has progressed with launch expected
in Q1 FY21

•

US in-store is expected to launch in
Q1 FY21 with our merchant launch
partners

•

As part of the company’s strategic
planning process, opportunities to
accelerate our expansion into
additional markets have been
identified. This has the potential to see
us launch into new markets in late
2020 or early 2021

•

With over 5m active customers
already on the Afterpay platform in
the US, we expect our in-store
offering to be well received by
customers who are accustomed to
using Afterpay online

•

The Company is exploring a number of
small M&A opportunities to accelerate
roll out across potential new
international markets. Due diligence is
being undertaken, however, there is no
certainty that any deal will be
completed

9

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

CAPITAL RAISING TO FURTHER
ACCELERATE GROWTH
Undertaking a fully underwritten institutional Placement to raise $650m
Afterpay is raising additional capital to accelerate its investment in growing
underlying sales, and prioritising global expansion in the short term to maximise
shareholder value in the longer term. This includes:
•

Investing in our existing regions to maintain and grow our leading position in
each market and expand our customer offerings;

•

Expediting our expansion into new markets to increase our relevance on a global
scale and meet the needs of our valuable global retailers;

•

Fortifying our balance sheet to underpin funding of our rapid growth in
underlying sales in excess of our FY22 mid-term targets; and

•

Creating the flexibility and capacity to execute on potential M&A opportunities
that could present themselves in the short to medium term.

Afterpay has completed a number of capital management initiatives which optimise
the Company’s cost of funding and increases total funding capacity and duration
•

This includes the extension of the US$200m receivables warehouse facility
with Citi to May 2022

•

Afterpay has also received terms for the establishment of a GBP100m facility
with an existing global banking partner (subject to diligence and approvals)

SOURCES AND USES1
SOURCES

A$M

Placement (underwritten)

650.0

Total sources

650.0

USES

Accelerate investment in growing underlying sales
and prioritising global expansion
Estimated transaction costs
Total uses

A$M

635.4
14.6
650.0

PRO-FORMA CASH BALANCE1
PRO-FORMA CASH BALANCE

A$M

Cash as at 31 May 2020 (unaudited)2

559.5

Add: Placement proceeds

650.0

Pro forma cash balance as at 31 May 2020 of $1,194.9m1

Less: Estimated transaction costs

(14.6)

Any proceeds raised through the SPP will be used to further accelerate growth

Pro-forma cash as at 31 May 2020

NOTE: CHANGE CALCULATIONS MAY NOT EQUATE DUE TO ROUNDING; 1. EXCLUDES POTENTIAL PROCEEDS FROM THE SPP;
2. COMPRISES $542.4M IN UNRESTRICTED CASH AND $17.1M IN RESTRICTED CASH.

1,194.9

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

CAPITAL RAISING
DETAILS
OFFER SIZE

OFFER PRICE

CO-FOUNDER SELL-DOWN

Afterpay is undertaking a fully
underwritten institutional Placement
to raise $650m

Pricing will be determined via an
institutional bookbuild, with an
underwritten floor price of $61.75 per
New Share

The Co-founder Sell-down will be fully
underwritten with pricing determined under
the bookbuild for the institutional Placement

Concurrent with the Placement,
Afterpay co-founders, Anthony Eisen
and Nicholas Molnar have each
agreed to sell 2.05m shares,
representing 10% of their respective
holdings in Afterpay
The Co-founder Sell-down represents
approximately 1.5% of total shares
outstanding in Afterpay

9.2% discount to the closing price on 6
July 2020 of $68.00
Final pricing and allocation decisions will
be determined on behalf of Afterpay by
an independent subcommittee of its
Board in consultation with the joint lead
managers and financial adviser
It is intended that eligible shareholders
who bid for up to their ‘pro-rata’ share of
New Shares under the Placement, at the
final price, will be allocated their full bid,
on a best endeavours basis

Mr. Eisen and Mr. Molnar are each expected
to remain Afterpay’s largest shareholders
(subject to allocation of New Shares under
the Placement and the Co-founder Selldown)
Mr. Eisen and Mr. Molnar remain committed
to Afterpay and have each confirmed that
they will not sell any further shares until after
the Company’s 2020 AGM

11

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

CAPITAL RAISING
DETAILS
RANKING

SHARE PURCHASE PLAN

ADVISERS

New Shares issued under
the Placement will rank
equally with Afterpay’s
existing shares

A SPP will be undertaken to allow all eligible
shareholders, in Australia and New Zealand, the
opportunity to acquire up to $20,000 of New
Shares (subject to scale-back)

Highbury Partnership Pty
Limited is acting as
financial adviser to
Afterpay

New Shares under the SPP are to be issued at
the lower of the price paid by investors under
the Placement, and the 5-day VWAP of Afterpay
shares up to the SPP closing date
Details will be provided to eligible shareholders
in due course
The SPP aims to raise approximately $150m.
Afterpay may decide to scale-back applications
under the SPP at its absolute discretion. The SPP
is not underwritten

12

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

INDICATIVE TIMETABLE
MONDAY,
6 JULY 2020

TUESDAY,
7 JULY 2020

WEDNESDAY,
8 JULY 2020

FRIDAY,
10 JULY 2020

MONDAY,
13 JULY 2020

Record date for
SPP (7:00pm
Sydney time)

Trading halt (before
market open)

Announcement of
completion of the
Placement (before
market open)

Settlement of New
Shares under the
placement as well as
existing shares under
the Co-founder Selldown

Allotment and
normal trading of
new securities under
the Placement

Bookbuild conducted
for the Placement and
Co-Founder Sell-down

Trading halt lifted;
normal trading
resumes

WEDNESDAY,
15 JULY 2020

FRIDAY,
24 JULY 2020
to THURSDAY,
30 JULY 2020
(inclusive)

THURSDAY,
30 JULY 2020

THURSDAY,
6 AUGUST 2020

FRIDAY
7 AUGUST 2020

MONDAY
10 AUGUST 2020

SPP opening
date

SPP pricing
period

SPP closing
date

Issue of New
Shares under the
SPP (SPP Shares)

SPP Shares
commence
trading on the
ASX

Despatch of SPP
Share holding
statements

13

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

APPENDIX A:
KEY RISKS

14

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
Investors should be aware that there are risks associated with an investment in
Afterpay.
Some of the principal factors which may, either individually or in combination,
affect the future operating performance of Afterpay are set out below. Some are
specific to an investment in Afterpay and the New Shares and others are of a more
general nature.
The summary of risks below is not exhaustive. This Presentation does not take into
account the personal circumstances, financial position or investment requirements
of any particular person. Additional risks and uncertainties that Afterpay is unaware
of, or that it currently considers to be immaterial, may also become important
factors that adversely affect the future performance of Afterpay and the New
Shares.
The Placement is being made pursuant to provisions of the Corporations Act
which allow offers to be made without a prospectus. This presentation does not
contain all of the information which may be required in order to make an informed
decision regarding an application for New Shares offered under the Placement. As
a result, it is important for you to carefully read and understand the information on
Afterpay made publicly available, prior to making an investment decision. In
particular, please refer to this Presentation, Afterpay’s full year and annual reports
(including Afterpay’s most recent full year FY19 results announcement lodged with
the ASX on 28 August 2019 and 1H20 results announcement lodged with ASX on 27
February 2020) and other announcements lodged with ASX (including
announcements which may be made by Afterpay after publication of this
Presentation). You should have regard to your own investment objectives and
financial circumstances and should seek professional guidance from your
stockbroker, solicitor, accountant or other professional adviser before deciding
whether or not to invest.

RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE GROUP
1.

Compliance with laws, regulations and industry standards

Afterpay and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) operate in a range of jurisdictions
including Australia, New Zealand, the US and the UK. The Group’s business
principally consists of providing financial services to consumers and is therefore
subject to significant regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
Furthermore, with the geographic expansion of Afterpay’s business, the Group
may become subject to additional legal, regulatory, tax, licensing, compliance
requirements and industry standards that are constantly changing.
There is a risk that any changes in this area may impose significant compliance
costs, or even make it uneconomic for the Group to continue to operate in its
current markets, or to expand in accordance with its strategy. This may
materially and adversely impact the Group’s ability to achieve its strategic goals,
and negatively impact its revenue and profitability by preventing its business
from reaching sufficient scale in particular markets. The Group’s inability, or
perceived inability, to comply with existing or new compliance obligations could
lead to a regulator investigating the Group, which could result in administrative
or enforcement action, such as fines, penalties, and/or enforceable
undertakings. This could also damage the Group’s reputation.
Some of these risks relate to:
●

Financial product regulation: The Australian parliament has recently
passed legislation which empowers ASIC with regulatory oversight and
the ability to intervene in relation to financial and credit products where
it identifies a risk of significant detriment to consumers, enabling it to
make orders prohibiting certain conduct related to products offered to
consumers. Any such regulatory intervention could adversely affect one
or more of the Group’s businesses and could require substantial
compliance costs.

15

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
•

•

•

Regulatory interpretation: Federal and state based regulators in the
jurisdictions in which the Group operates generally have significant
discretion in the application, interpretation and enforcement of laws and
regulations that apply to the Group. This can cause uncertainty as the
interpretation or implementation of existing laws and regulations may
change and the regulators may also adjust their level of scrutiny and
enforcement action. Furthermore, new laws, regulations and legal
requirements which have only recently been adopted or could be
implemented in the near future by central or local agencies and regulators
and their implementation, interpretation and enforcement may create even
greater risk due to lack of regulatory guidance and established practice, in
particular in jurisdictions where the Group’s business grows rapidly and
regulators may change their view regarding the Group’s compliance
obligations.
AML/CTF laws: There has been increased supervisory, regulatory and
enforcement focus on compliance with anti-money laundering, counterterrorism financing, anti-bribery and corruption and sanctions laws
(AML/CTF laws). While Afterpay has policies, systems and controls in place
designed to manage its obligations under AML/CTF laws, ineffective
implementation, monitoring or remediation of a policy, system or control
could give rise to future compliance issues associated with AML/CTF laws,
which could lead to regulatory investigations, reviews, enforcement action, as
well as potential litigation by third parties and adverse media coverage.
AUSTRAC: In Australia, AUSTRAC is currently reviewing the findings of an
independent audit regarding issues that AUSTRAC had raised regarding the
Group’s AML/CTF compliance procedures. The outcome of AUSTRAC's review
is yet to be determined. AUSTRAC may take further steps or action
depending on the results of their review. Further action could include civil
penalty proceedings, fines, remedial directions, and enforceable
undertakings.

•

Payment system regulation: A change in Australia's payment system
regulations could restrict Afterpay's ability to limit merchants adding a
surcharge on customers who use Afterpay as a payment method. If a
material number of merchants did add a surcharge as a result of such a
change, it could adversely affect usage of Afterpay relative to other
payment methods.

•

Privacy laws: Changes to privacy laws and data protection laws in any of
the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and the privacy and data
protection laws of jurisdictions in which the Group commences
operations in the future, may require increased compliance costs and
systems upgrade costs.

•

Compliance costs: New and stricter laws and regulations or
interpretations of existing laws and regulations, or industry standards to
which the Group may become subject, could require the implementation
of new or more demanding procedures that may carry higher
compliance costs.

All of these may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s reputation,
results of operations, profitability, business and prospects.
2.

Loss of key contracts and relationships

Afterpay’s business depends on its contracts and relationships with significant
merchant clients and end customers. There can be no guarantee that these
contracts and relationships will continue or, if they do continue, that they remain
successful. Afterpay’s contracts with retailers can generally be terminated on
short notice. Any loss of the Group’s key merchant clients and end customers or a
failure to secure new clients or customers on favourable terms, may materially
and adversely impact the Group’s results of operations and profitability, and also
have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation and prospects.

16

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
3.

Competitors and new market entrants

The Group is a market leader in Australia in providing ‘buy now, pay later’
services, however, a number of competitors currently offer services similar to
this service in Australia and in the Group's other markets. Existing competitors
and new competitors entering the industry both in Australia and elsewhere,
may engage in aggressive customer acquisition campaigns, develop superior
technology offerings or consolidate with other entities to deliver enhanced
scale benefits. Such competitive pressures may materially erode the Group’s
market share and revenue, or prevent or limit its growth in new markets, and
may materially and adversely impact the Group’s results of operations,
profitability and prospects.
4.

Exposure to Afterpay’s end customer bad debts

A major part of the Group’s operations and earnings depends on Afterpay’s
revenue generated from “buy now, pay later” services used by end customers
and Afterpay’s ability to recoup the purchase value of those services. Afterpay
relies on its technology to assess end customers' repayment capability for each
transaction. Prolonged miscalculation of customers’ repayment ability, or a
material increase in repayment failures due to job losses or other adverse
events, such as events consequential to the COVID-19 outbreak and related
containment measures taken in response to the pandemic, may cause the
Group's business to be overly exposed to bad debts due to increased end
customers' failure to meet their repayment obligations to Afterpay. This may
materially and adversely impact the Group’s results from operations,
profitability and prospects.

5.

Afterpay’s Funding Facilities

Afterpay has a receivables financing arrangement in Australia with National Australia
Bank and Citi (“AU Warehouse Facility”) and, in the United States, Citi (“Citi US
Warehouse Facility”) and Goldman Sachs (“GS US Warehouse Facility”) (collectively
referred to as the “Warehouse Facilities”) to support Afterpay’s funding of purchases by
end customers. If repayments are not made or certain terms and conditions not satisfied
under the Warehouse Facilities, National Australia Bank, Citi and/or Goldman Sachs may
terminate their respective financing arrangements. In these circumstances, Afterpay’s
capacity to pay merchant clients in advance of collecting purchase price instalments
from end customers may be diminished if Afterpay is unable to secure financing from
other lenders on equivalent terms or at all. This would significantly slow down Afterpay’s
growth and may impair the Group's ability to finance its business.
6.

Failures or disruptions to technology systems and communication networks

The Group relies on technology and third-party communication networks to assess
customer repayment capabilities. There is a risk that these systems may fail to perform
as expected or be adversely impacted by a number of factors outside of the Group’s
control.
This includes damage, equipment faults, power failure, fire, natural disasters, computer
viruses and external malicious interventions such as hacking or denial-of-service attacks.
This may cause part or all of the Group’s technology system and/or the communication
networks to become unavailable.
There is a risk that repeated failures to keep the Group’s technology available may result
in a decline in customer and merchant numbers or merchants cancelling their contracts
with the Group. This may materially and adversely impact the Group’s business, results of
operations, profitability, as well as negatively impacting the Group’s reputation and
prospects.

17

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
7.

Banking and payment processing performance

The Group relies on online payment gateways, banking and financial and other institutions,
and point of sale devices for the validation of payment methods (such as bank cards),
processing and settlement of payments. Any failures or disruptions to such platforms and
technology may affect the Group's business, results of operations, profitability and
prospects.
8.

Third-party network infrastructure provider

The Group relies on third-party service providers to maintain its network infrastructure for
software application offerings. Such network infrastructure involves major risks including,
(i) any breakdown or system failures resulting in a sustained shutdown of all or a material
part of our servers, including failures which may be attributable to power shutdowns, or
loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware; and (ii) any disruption or
failure in the national backbone telecommunication network. The Group has no control
over the cost of the services provided by these third-party service providers, and may be
required to pay for any additional costs, which may affect the Group's business, financial
conditions and operations.
9.

Exposure to potential security breaches and data protection issues

Through the ordinary course of business, the Group collects a wide range of confidential
information. Cyber-attacks may compromise or breach technology platforms used by the
Group to protect confidential information. There is a risk that the measures taken by the
Group may not be sufficient to detect or prevent unauthorised access to, or unauthorised
disclosure of, such confidential information. Any data security breaches or the Group’s
failure to protect confidential information could result in the loss of information integrity, or
breaches of the Group’s obligations under applicable laws or agreements, each of which
may materially and adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations,
profitability, reputation and prospects.

10.

Activities of fraudulent parties

The Group may be exposed to fraud attempts, including risks from the
potential collusion between internal and external parties, and end customers
attempting to circumvent the Group’s systems (such as Afterpay’s repayment
capability assessments). Fraud attempts may potentially result in damage to
the Group’s reputation and a higher than budgeted cost of fraud to rectify and
safeguard business operations, which may materially adversely impact the
Group’s results of operations, profitability, reputation and prospects.
11.

Protection and ownership of technology and intellectual property

Unauthorised use or copying of any of the Group’s software, data, specialised
technology or platforms may occur and the validity, ownership or authorised
use of intellectual property relevant to the Group’s business may be successfully
challenged by third parties. This could result in significant expense and the
inability to use the intellectual property in question, which may materially and
adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations, profitability and
prospects. Such disputes (whether or not successful) may also temporarily and
adversely impact the Group’s ability to integrate new systems or develop new
services, and could involve significant costs of litigation and diversion of
management attention, all of which may adversely impact the Group’s results
of operations, profitability and prospects.
There is also a risk that the Group will be unable to register or otherwise protect
new intellectual property it develops in the future. The Group’s competitors may
then be able to offer identical or very similar services or services that are
otherwise competitive against those provided by the Group, which could
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and prospects.

18

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
12.

Ability of the Group’s technology to integrate with third party platforms

The success of the Group’s services, and the ability to attract additional end customers and
merchant clients, will depend on the ability of the Group’s technology and systems to
integrate into and operate with various third party systems and platforms, particularly
websites, point of sale systems and other merchant systems. In addition, as these systems
and platforms are regularly updated, it is possible that when such updates occur it could
cause the Group’s services to not operate as efficiently as previously. This will require the
Group to change the way some of its systems operate, and may disrupt the provision of
services, which may take time and expense to remedy, and could adversely affect the
Group’s business, results of operations and prospects.
13.

The Group’s technology may be superseded by other technology or changes in
business practice

The Group’s success will in part depend on its ability to offer services and systems that
remain current with the continuing changes in technology, evolving industry standards and
changing consumer preferences. The Group may not be successful in addressing these
developments in a timely manner, or that expenses will be greater than expected. In
addition, new products or technologies (or alternative systems) developed by third parties
may supersede the Group’s technology. This may materially and adversely impact the
Group’s results of operations and profitability.
14.

15.

Capacity constraints

Continued increases in transaction volumes may require the Group to
expand and adapt its network infrastructure to avoid interruptions to its
systems. Any unprecedented transaction volumes may interrupt the
Group’s systems, reduce the number of completed transactions, increase
expenses, and reduce the level of consumer service, and these factors may
adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations and profitability.
Expansions into new offshore markets may require additional data centre
capacity in those markets due to data security requirements or capacity
constraints. An inability to obtain such capacity in a timely manner may
adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations and profitability.
16.

Inability to increase transaction volumes, merchant and end
customer numbers

The revenue and profitability of the Group rely on increases in transaction
volumes and the number of merchant and end customer using its services.
Inability to increase these metrics may adversely impact the Group’s
prospects and ability to improve its future results of operations and
profitability.

Loss of or failure to attract key management personnel

The Group’s ability to effectively execute its growth strategies depends on the performance
and expertise of its key management personnel. The loss of key management personnel or
any delay in their replacement, may adversely affect the Group’s future financial
performance. Further, the Group requires skilled personnel for entry into new markets that
may be in short supply or that may sought after by competitors and new entrants. An
inability to attract skilled personnel would inhibit the success of new market entry and may
adversely affect the Group’s future financial performance.

19

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
17.

Inability to identify suitable targets or successfully integrate
acquisitions

The Group’s strategy may involve the acquisition of additional businesses that
are aligned with the Group’s core business. Acquisition transactions involve
inherent risks, including:
·

accurately assessing the value, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and
other liabilities and potential profitability of a business;

·

integration risks, and the risk of inability to realise expected synergies;

·

excessive diversion of management attention from the operations of
the existing business;

·

potential loss of key personnel and key clients of the acquired business;

·

unanticipated changes in the industry or general economic conditions
that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition; and

·

decline in the value of, and unanticipated costs, problems or liabilities
associated with the acquired business.

Any of these or similar risks could cause the Group to not realise the benefits
and synergies anticipated from any acquisition of a new business and could
have a material adverse impact on its results of operations, profitability,
financial position and prospects.

GENERAL RISKS
18.

Equity raising underwriting risk

Afterpay has entered into an Underwriting Agreement under which the Joint Lead
Managers have agreed to fully underwrite the Placement (but not the SPP). If certain
conditions are not satisfied or certain events occur under the Underwriting Agreement,
the Joint Lead Managers may terminate the Underwriting Agreement. This may have a
material impact on the proceeds raised under the Placement and Afterpay may need to
find alternative financing in order to fund its operations. Refer to Appendix B for a
summary of the underwriting arrangements.
19.

Market impact of COVID-19

The events relating to COVID-19 have caused significant market volatility in CY2020
including in the prices of securities trading on ASX (including the price of Afterpay's
shares) and on other foreign securities exchanges. There is continued uncertainty as to
the further impact of COVID-19 including in relation to governmental action, work
stoppages, lockdown, quarantines, travel restrictions and the impact on the Australian
and global economy and share markets. In light of recent Australian and global
macroeconomic events, including though not limited to the impact of COVID-19 and
other factors, Australia and other international economies could experience a recession
or downturn of uncertain severity and duration which could further affect spending by
customers, impact on the operating and financial performance and prospects of
Afterpay and interfere with Afterpay's business.

20

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

KEY RISKS
20.

Business and operational impact of COVID-19

The Group may not be able to collect repayment on time from its customers
and/or renew contracts with existing retailers or develop business
relationships with new retailers as a result of negative economic and retail
conditions associated with COVID-19. The Group may experience reduced
demand as a result of falling discretionary spending, particularly on in-store
purchases in areas where lockdown measures are implemented by
governments.
The impact of COVID-19 on the Group's financial conditions and operations
could deteriorate as future developments and new information may continue
to emerge. Any future outbreak of public health epidemics may restrict
economic activities, reduce business volume or disrupt the Group's business
operations.
21.

Risks relating to share investment

There are various risks associated with investing in any form of business and
with investing in listed entities generally. The value of Afterpay's shares
depends upon general share market and economic conditions as well as the
specific performance of the Group. There is no guarantee of profitability,
dividends, return of capital, or the price at which Afterpay's shares will trade on
the ASX. The past performance of Afterpay's shares is not necessarily an
indication as to future performance as the trading price of shares can go
down or up in value.

22.

Risks relating to the general economy and capital markets

The financial performance of the Group fluctuates due to various factors,
including movements in the Australian and international capital markets,
recommendations by brokers and analysts, interest rates, exchange rates,
inflation, Australian and international economic conditions, change in
government, fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies, prices of commodities,
global geo-political events, hostilities and acts of terrorism, investor perceptions
and other factors. In the future, these factors may affect the income and expenses
of the Group and may cause the price of Afterpay's shares to fluctuate and trade
below current prices.
23.

Exposure to adverse macroeconomic conditions

The Group’s business depends on end customers transacting with retail
merchants, which in turn can be affected by changes in general economic
conditions. For example, the retail sector is affected by macroeconomic
conditions such as unemployment, interest rates, consumer confidence,
disposable income, overall consumers' sentiment, economic recessions,
downturns or extended periods of uncertainty or volatility, all of which may
influence customer spending and suppliers’ and retailers’ focus and investment
in outsourcing payment and transaction processing solutions. This may
subsequently impact the Group’s ability to generate revenue, its profitability and
prospects.
24.

Legal proceedings and contingent liabilities

The Group may be subject to litigation and other claims and disputes in the
course of its business, including employment disputes, contractual disputes or
occupational and personal claims, which could adversely affect the Group’s
business, reputation, operating and financial performance.

21

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

APPENDIX B:
SUMMARY OF
UNDERWRITING
ARRANGEMENTS
22

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

SUMMARY OF UNDERWRITING
ARRANGEMENTS
The Joint Lead Managers are acting as joint lead managers and underwriters of
the Placement. Afterpay entered into an underwriting agreement with the Joint
Lead Managers in respect of the Placement (Agreement). The Agreement
contains representations and warranties and indemnities in favour of the Joint
Lead Managers. The Joint Lead Managers may also, in certain circumstances,
terminate their obligations under the Agreement if any of the following events
occur by giving written notice to Afterpay (some of which are subject to a market
standard materiality qualifier):

(e) ASIC makes, or threatens to make, an application for an order under
Part 9.5 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) in
relation to the Placement, and any such application (or threat)
becomes public or is not withdrawn within 2 Business Days after it is
made or, where it is made less than 2 Business Days before the
Settlement Date, it has not been withdrawn before the Settlement
Date;
(f)

(a) any material released in connection with the Placement includes
content that is or which becomes false, misleading or deceptive, or
likely to mislead or deceive, in either case, in a material respect
(including by way of omission) or any statement of opinion or belief in
any such material is not truly and honestly held or there are no
reasonable grounds for making such a statement;
(b) ASX announces that Afterpay will be removed from the official list of
ASX, that any of its shares will be delisted or suspended from quotation
by ASX, or that quotation of all of the shares to be issued under the
Placement will not be granted by ASX on an unconditional basis;
(c) Afterpay is unable, or will not be able, to issue the shares under the
Placement on the date for issue of the securities as specified in the
timetable for the Placement;
(d) the ASX/S&P 300 Index is, at the close of trading on the ASX on any day
from the close of the bookbuild to (and including) the settlement date,
10% or more below its level at market close on the date of the
Agreement;

ASIC commences, or conveys its intention to commence, any
investigation or hearing under Part 3 of the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission Act 2001 (Cth) in relation to the Placement
and any such investigation or hearing (or intention) becomes public or
is not withdrawn within 2 Business Days after it is commenced or,
where it is commenced less than 2 Business Days before the
Settlement Date, it has not been withdrawn before the Settlement
Date;

(g) AUSTRAC commences, or conveys in writing its intention to
commence, any investigation or proceeding against Afterpay or issues
or seeks, or publicly conveys an intention to issue or seek, any material
penalty, fine, enforceable undertaking or other action, against Afterpay
and any such commencement, issue or intention is not withdrawn
within 2 Business Days after it is commenced, issued or sought or,
where it is commenced, issued or sought less than 2 Business Days
before the Settlement Date, it has not been withdrawn before the
Settlement Date;
(h) Afterpay withdraws the Placement or any part of it;
(i)

Afterpay alters is capital structure (other than as contemplated by the
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Joint Lead Managers;

23

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

SUMMARY OF UNDERWRITING
ARRANGEMENTS
(j)

any Certificate which is required to be furnished by Afterpay under the
Agreement is not furnished when required;

(o) *a director or senior manager of Afterpay:

(k) a member of the Group is, or states that it is, unable to pay its debts as and
when they fall due, or fails to comply with a statutory demand;
(l)

any step is taken which will or is likely to result in:
a.

the appointment of a liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator,
receiver, receiver and manager or other similar official in relation to, or
to any property of, any member of the Group; or

b.

any member of the Group being wound up or dissolved or entering
into a scheme, moratorium, composition or other arrangement with, or
to obtain protection from, its creditors or any class of them or an
assignment for the benefit of its creditors or any class of them;

c.

d.

circumstances existing which would permit a presumption of
insolvency in relation to any member of the Group under sub-section
459C(2) of the Act, or
anything analogous or having a substantially similar effect occurring in
relation to any member of the Group;

is charged with an indictable offence;

b.

is disqualified from managing a corporation under the
Corporations Act ;

c.

has an a public action commenced against them by any
regulatory body in their capacity as a director, or an intention to
commence such an action is announced, in their capacity as a
director,

(p) *any government agency issues or threatens to issue proceedings or
commences any inquiry or investigation into the Issuer (including in
respect of the Placement);
(q) *an event specified in the timetable of the Placement is delayed
(without the prior written consent of the Joint Lead Managers);
(r)

*any certificate which is required to be furnished by Afterpay is untrue
or incorrect;

(s)

*there is an adverse change, or an event occurs which is likely to give
rise to an adverse change, in the financial position, results, condition,
operations or prospects of Afterpay or any of its subsidiaries, other than
as disclosed by Afterpay before the date of this presentation;

(t)

*Afterpay is in breach of any terms and conditions of the Agreement or
any representations or warranty is or becomes incorrect, untrue or
misleading;

(m) a condition under the Agreement is not satisfied or waived by the Joint
Lead Managers within the agreed time;
(n) there is an event, occurrence or non-occurrence after the date of the
Agreement which makes it illegal or commercially impracticable for the
Joint Lead Managers to satisfy a material obligation under the Agreement,
or to market, promote or settle the offer of shares under the Placement, or
that causes the Joint Lead Managers to delay satisfying a material
obligation under the Agreement;

a.

(u) *there is a change to the to the Executive Chairman or the board of
directors;

24

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

SUMMARY OF UNDERWRITING
ARRANGEMENTS
(v) *there is introduced, or there is a public announcement of a proposal to
introduce, into the Parliament of Australia or any State or Territory of
Australia a new law, or the Reserve Bank of Australia, or any
Commonwealth or State or Territory authority, adopts or announces a
proposal to adopt a new policy (other than a law or policy which has been
announced prior to the date of the Agreement);
(w) *any of the following occurs (i) a suspension or material limitation in trading
in securities generally on ASX, the New York Stoke Exchange or the London
Stock Exchange, or a material disruption in commercial banking or
securities settlement or clearance services in Australia, the United States,
Hong Kong or the United Kingdom, or a level 3 "market-wide circuit
breaker" is implemented by the New York Stock Exchange upon a 20%
decrease against the prior day's closing price of the S&P 500 Index, (ii) any
adverse change or disruption to the existing financial markets, political or
economic conditions of Australia, the United States, Hong Kong, the United
Kingdom or the international financial markets or any change in
international political, financial or economic conditions or (iii) a general
moratorium on commercial banking activities in Australia, the United
States, Hong Kong or the United Kingdom is declared by the relevant
central banking authority in any of those countries; or
(x)

*any of the following occurs (i) hostilities not presently existing commence
(whether war has been declared or not), (ii) a major escalation in exiting
hostilities occurs (whether war has been declared or not), (iii) a state of
emergency is declared (other than as already declared prior to the date of
the Agreement) or (iv) a major escalation in relation to a previously declared
state of emergency, where in the case of (i) - (iv), relating to any one or more
of Australia, the United States of America, Japan, New Zealand, a member
state of the European Union, the People’s Republic of China or South Korea,
or (v) a significant terrorist act is perpetrated anywhere in the world.

A Joint Lead Manager may not terminate the Agreement in reliance on any of
the above termination events denoted with an asterisk (*) unless the Joint Lead
Manager has reasonable grounds to believe that the event has, or is likely to give
rise to:
a)

a material adverse effect on the success of the Placement or the
market price of or ability to settle the Placement of the Placement
Shares;

b)

a contravention by that Joint Lead Manager of (or the
involvement of that Joint Lead Manager in a contravention of) the
Act or any other applicable law.

If a Joint Lead Manager terminates its obligations under the Agreement, that
Joint Lead Manager will not be obliged to perform any of its obligations that
remain to be performed. Termination of the Agreement by one or more Joint
Lead Manager could have an adverse impact on the amount of proceeds raised
under the Placement.

For details of fees payable to the Joint Lead Managers, see the Appendix 3B
released to ASX on 7 July 2020.

25

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

APPENDIX C:
INTERNATIONAL
SELLING
RESTRICTIONS
26

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

INTERNATIONAL
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
This document does not constitute an offer of new ordinary shares ("New Shares") of the
Company in any jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful. In particular, this document
may not be distributed to any person, and the New Shares may not be offered or sold, in
any country outside Australia except to the extent permitted below.
Bermuda
The Company is not making any invitation to persons resident in Bermuda for exchange
control purposes to subscribe for New Shares.
China
The information in this document does not constitute a public offer of the New Shares,
whether by way of sale or subscription, in the People's Republic of China (excluding, for
purposes of this paragraph, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special
Administrative Region and Taiwan). The New Shares may not be offered or sold directly or
indirectly in the PRC to legal or natural persons other than directly to "qualified domestic
institutional investors", sovereign wealth funds and quasi-government investment funds.

European Union (Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg and Netherlands)
This document has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by any securities
regulator in Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg and Netherlands. Accordingly, this
document may not be made available, nor may the New Shares be offered for sale, in Belgium,
Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg and Netherlands except in circumstances that do not require a
prospectus under Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the
Council of the European Union (the "Prospectus Regulation").
In accordance with Article 1(4)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, an offer of New Shares in Belgium,
Denmark, Germany, Luxembourg and Netherlands is limited to persons who are "qualified
investors" (as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation).
Hong Kong
WARNING: This document has not been, and will not be, registered as a prospectus under the
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong, nor
has it been authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong pursuant to the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of the Laws of Hong Kong (the "SFO"). No action has
been taken in Hong Kong to authorise or register this document or to permit the distribution of
this document or any documents issued in connection with it. Accordingly, the New Shares have
not been and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong other than to "professional investors" (as
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance).

27

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

INTERNATIONAL
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the New Shares has been or will be issued, or
has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, in Hong Kong or
elsewhere that is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public
of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with
respect to the New Shares that are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong
Kong or only to professional investors (as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that
ordinance). No person allotted New Shares may sell, or offer to sell, such securities in circumstances
that amount to an offer to the public in Hong Kong within six months following the date of issue of
such securities.
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any Hong Kong regulatory authority.
You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in doubt about any of the
contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
New Zealand
This document has not been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory
authority under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the "FMC Act"). The New Shares are not
being offered or sold in New Zealand (or allotted with a view to being offered for sale in New
Zealand) other than to a person who:
·
·
·
·
·

is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or
is an eligible investor within the meaning of clause 41 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.

Norway
This document has not been approved by, or registered with, any Norwegian securities regulator
under the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007. Accordingly, this document shall
not be deemed to constitute an offer to the public in Norway within the meaning of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 2007.
The New Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Norway except to "professional
clients" (as defined in Norwegian Securities Regulation of 29 June 2007 no. 876 and including
non-professional clients having met the criteria for being deemed to be professional and for
which an investment firm has waived the protection as non-professional in accordance with the
procedures in this regulation).
Singapore
This document and any other materials relating to the New Shares have not been, and will not
be, lodged or registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Accordingly, this document and any other document or materials in connection with the offer or
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of New Shares, may not be issued, circulated or
distributed, nor may the New Shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for
subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore except pursuant
to and in accordance with exemptions in Subdivision (4) of Division 1, Part XIII of the Securities
and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), or as otherwise pursuant to, and in
accordance with the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.
This document has been given to you on the basis that you are (i) an existing holder of the
Company’s shares, (ii) an "institutional investor" (as defined in the SFA) or (iii) an "accredited
investor" (as defined in the SFA). In the event that you are not an investor falling within any of the
categories set out above, please return this document immediately. You may not forward or
circulate this document to any other person in Singapore.

28

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

INTERNATIONAL
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
Any offer is not made to you with a view to the New Shares being subsequently offered for sale to
any other party. There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore that may be applicable to investors
who acquire New Shares. As such, investors are advised to acquaint themselves with the SFA
provisions relating to resale restrictions in Singapore and comply accordingly.
Switzerland
The offering of the Securities in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a
prospectus under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") because such offering is made to
professional clients within the meaning of the FinSA only and the Securities will not be admitted
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This
document does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, art. 652a, or art. 752 of the
Swiss Code of Obligations (in its version applicable during the transitory period after entering into
force of FinSA on January 1, 2020) or a listing prospectus within the meaning of art. 27 et seqq. of
the SIX Listing Rules (in their version enacted on January 1, 2020, and to be applied during the
transitory period), and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with
the offering of the Securities.
United Arab Emirates

Neither this document nor the New Shares have been approved or passed on in any way by the
Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority ("ESCA") or any other governmental authority in
the United Arab Emirates. The Company has not received authorisation from the ESCA or any
other governmental authority to market or sell the New Shares within the United Arab Emirates.
This document does not constitute, and may not be used for the purpose of, an offer of securities
in the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre and the AbuDhabi Global Market). No services relating to the New Shares, including the receipt of
applications, may be rendered within the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai
International Financial Centre and the Abu-Dhabi Global Market).

United Kingdom
Neither the information in this document nor any other document relating to the offer has been
delivered for approval to the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom and no
prospectus (within the meaning of section 85 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as
amended ("FSMA")) has been published or is intended to be published in respect of the New
Shares.
This document is issued on a confidential basis to "qualified investors" (within the meaning of
section 86(7) of the FSMA) in the United Kingdom, and the New Shares may not be offered or sold
in the United Kingdom by means of this document, any accompanying letter or any other
document, except in circumstances which do not require the publication of a prospectus
pursuant to section 86(1) of the FSMA. This document should not be distributed, published or
reproduced, in whole or in part, nor may its contents be disclosed by recipients to any other
person in the United Kingdom.
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21
of the FSMA) received in connection with the issue or sale of the New Shares has only been
communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be
communicated in the United Kingdom in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does
not apply to the Company.
In the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed at, persons (i)
who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5)
(investment professionals) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion)
Order 2005, as amended ("FPO"), (ii) who fall within the categories of persons referred to in Article
49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the FPO or (iii) to
whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated (together "relevant persons"). The
investments to which this document relates are available only to, and any invitation, offer or
agreement to purchase will be engaged in only with, relevant persons. Any person who is not a
relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.

29

NOT FOR RELEASE TO US WIRE SERVICES OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

For personal use only

INTERNATIONAL
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
United States
This document does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase,
subscribe or sell securities in the United States. The New Shares have not been, and will not be,
registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the
securities laws of any state of the United States or other jurisdiction. The New Shares and may
not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable US State securities laws.
No public offering of the New Shares will be made in the United States or in any other
jurisdiction where such an offering is restricted or prohibited. The New Shares will be offered (i)
to investors outside the United States in "offshore transactions" (as defined in Rule 902(h) of
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") in reliance on Regulation S and (ii) within
the United States to (1) a limited number of "qualified institutional buyers" (as defined under
Rule 144A under the Securities Act) in transactions exempt from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act or (2) dealers or other professional fiduciaries organized or incorporated in
the United States that are acting for a discretionary or similar account (other than an estate or
trust) held for the benefit or account of persons that are not “U.S. persons” (as defined in Rule
902(k) of the Securities Act) for which they have, and are exercising, investment discretion,
within the meaning of Rule 902(k)(2)(i) of Regulation S, in reliance on Regulation S.

30

