ASX Announcement

For personal use only

7 July 2020

Mahalo Gas Project Receives Petroleum Lease Approvals
Comet Ridge Limited (ASX:COI) is pleased to announce that the Mahalo Gas Project (MGP) has been granted
Queensland State Government Petroleum Leases (PLs) 1082 (“Humboldt”) and 1083 (“Mahalo”). These have
been issued for a term of 30 years.
The MGP is located inside the northern part of the ATP 1191 area (see Figure 1). This project is held 40% by
Comet Ridge Limited, 30% by Santos (ASX:STO) and 30% by APLNG (where Origin Energy (ASX:ORG) is the
development Operator).
These Petroleum Lease awards are the final regulatory approval required for the project to move forward
to production and follows the Commonwealth Government Environment Protection and Biodiversity
Conservation Act (EPBC) approval in May and the Queensland Department of Environment and Science
environmental approval in June.
Comet Ridge Chairman, James McKay said Comet Ridge and its partners have undertaken many years of
exploration, appraisal and development planning activities to prove up Mahalo as a valuable developmentready gas project and he was very pleased the project now has full regulatory approval to be able to realise
full value for the asset.

A compelling east coast gas play
Comet Ridge Limited | ABN 47 106 092 577 | ASX: COI

Figure 1: Mahalo North and Mahalo blocks
just west of Gladstone in central Qld, where
Mahalo now has all regulatory approvals for
development.
Level 3, 410 Queen Street
Brisbane Queensland 4000
GPO Box 798 Brisbane Qld 4001
Phone +61 7 3221 3661
Email: comet@cometridge.com.au
cometridge.com.au

For personal use only

He added: ‘’The Mahalo Gas Project is well positioned to deliver meaningful gas production into the domestic
and export market as part of an emerging greater Mahalo fairway. The streamlined approval process shows
it has the support of the Queensland government and we look forward to working with our joint venture
partners in progressing Mahalo towards a Final Investment Decision’’.
Work is also continuing at Comet Ridge’s 100% owned Mahalo North project including seismic interpretation
to optimise drilling locations, so that Mahalo North is development ready and can be quickly tied into either
the Mahalo Gas Project or other nearby gas processing and pipeline facilities.

By Authority of Board per: Tor McCaul, Managing Director
For more information or photos:
Tor McCaul
Managing Director
Phone +61 7 3221 3661
tor.mccaul@cometridge.com.au

Stephen Rodgers
Company Secretary
Phone +61 7 3221 3661
stephen.rodgers@cometridge.com.au

About Comet Ridge
Comet Ridge Limited (ASX: COI) is a publicly-listed Australian energy company focused on the development
of gas resources for the east coast Australian market. The company has tenement interests and a suite of
prospective projects in Queensland and New South Wales. Our flagship Mahalo North and Mahalo projects
are low cost, sales spec gas blocks, close to Gladstone. Our exploration assets in the Galilee and Gunnedah
basins offer further upside amid increasing domestic and international demand for gas as a source of cleaner
energy.

