For personal use only

ASX:CXO Announcement
7 July 2020

Final payment to LTR of $1.5m cash for Bynoe Acquisition
Highlights
• $1.5m contingent and final consideration payable to Liontown
for 100% purchase of Bynoe Lithium Project
• Bynoe Acquisition has contributed significantly to Core’s
recently announced:
o Mineral Resource Estimate of 15Mt @ 1.3% Li2O
o 7-year LOM backed by Ore Reserve
• Bynoe deal also provided 100% access and rights to Greenbushes
process water dam
• Excellent value achieved from the deal for Core

Advanced Australian lithium developer Core Lithium Ltd (ASX: CXO) (Core or
Company) is pleased to advise of the final payment of $1.5 million cash to Liontown
Resources Limited (ASX: LTR; “Liontown”) as contingent consideration pursuant to the
purchase of the Bynoe Lithium Project in the Northern Territory ("Bynoe Acquisition").
Core is very pleased with the value realised from the Bynoe Acquisition to date,
leading to the Company’s recent announcements of Project Resources of 15Mt @ 1.3%
Li2O and Ore Reserves supporting a 7-year life of mine (LOM).
Mineral Resources defined by Core on the Bynoe Project subsequent to Bynoe
Acquisition have included BP33, Carlton, Hang Gong, Booths, Lees and Sandras.
In addition to these Mineral Resources, the Bynoe Acquisition has also provided Core
access to the large process water dam established by Greenbushes in the 1980’s – key
to Core’s plans to develop and potentially expand production from its flagship Finniss
Lithium Project in the future.
The terms of the Bynoe Acquisition sale and purchase agreement (Agreement) were
summarised in the Company’s announcement of 14 September 2017. Pursuant to the

1

For personal use only

Agreement, Core was required to pay to Liontown $1.5 million (in cash or shares, at
Core's election) within 30 days of Core declaring a Mineral Resource estimate of 5
million tonnes (whether Inferred, Indicated or Measured) in relation to the tenements
sold under the Agreement.
The contingent consideration milestone was met by Core with the recent
announcement of “Finniss Lithium Resource increased by over 50%” (CXO 15/06/2020).
Core has resolved that it will pay LTR $1.5M cash before July 14 from its cash reserves
of $8.5 million (30 June 2020).
This announcement has been approved for release by the Core Lithium Board.
For further information please contact:

For Media and Broker queries:

Stephen Biggins
Managing Director
Core Lithium Ltd
+61 8 8317 1700
info@corelithium.com.au

Warrick Hazeldine
Managing Director
Cannings Purple
+61 417 944 616
whazeldine@canningspurple.com.au
Fraser Beattie
Senior Consultant
Cannings Purple
+61 421 505 557
fbeattie@canningspurple.com.au

About the Finniss Lithium Project
The Finniss Lithium Project is at the front of the line of new global lithium production
and has arguably the best logistics chain to markets of any Australian lithium project.
The Project lies within 25km of port, power station, gas, rail and one hour by sealed
road to workforce accommodated in Darwin and importantly to Darwin Port Australia’s nearest port to Asia.
Core has recently announced a 50% increase in Resources and a 7-year Life of Mine
(LOM) backed by Reserves.
Core has also recently signed its first European Offtake MOU with Geneva-based
Transamine for 50,000tpa, in addition to binding offtake for 75,000tpa with one of
China’s largest lithium producers, Szechuan Yahua.
Lithium is the core element in batteries used to power electric vehicles, and the
Finniss Project boasts world-class, high-grade and high-quality lithium suitable for
this use and other renewable energy sources.
Core confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves included in this announcement. The information included in this
announcement has been obtained from “Finniss Lithium Resource increased by over 50%” dated 15
June 2020 and “Increased Ore Reserve Significantly Extends Finniss” dated 30 June 2020.

2

