For personal use only

7 July 2020
Dark Horse Resources Ltd
ASX Announcement
Update on Acquisition of Gold Permits in Finland
Dark Horse Resources Ltd (the Company, Dark Horse, ASX:DHR) is pleased to provide an update on the
acquisition of the Finland Gold and Sweden Tungsten Exploration Permits (refer Figure 1) as announced on
9 June 2020.
Dark Horse executed a Term Sheet to aquire 100% of seven (7) Gold Exploration Permits in the Tampere
Gold region of Finland, the Tampere Gold Project, and seven (7) Tungsten Exploration Permits in Sweden
the Bergslagen Tungsten Project (refer Location Map in Figure 1), for a total consideration of €150,000
cash payment, plus transaction documentation costs.
Two Finnish 100% owned subsidiary companies have now been established by Dark Horse, one to hold the
Finland Gold permits, the other to hold the Sweden Tungsten permits. A Company Administrator has been
appointed to manage DHR’s Finnish corporate affairs, and legal counsel, accountants and auditors have
been appointed.
The Permit Purchase Agremeent (PPA) between Dark Horse and Sotkamo Silver AB is in the final stage of
completion and is expected to be executed within the very near future, and within the designated 45 day
exclusivity period. Once executed, the transfer of exploration permits will be commenced from Sotkamo
to the DHR subsidiary companies. This process is expected to take the normal one to two month period for
such permit transfers in Finland and Sweden.
The DHR exploration team has been carrying out a comprehensive re‐eavaluation of all the geological data
and is completing the design of a drilling program at the Finland Tampere Gold project. The focus of the
work is on the more advanced Hopeavuori permits (refer Figure 2). Historical Gold diamond drilling results
at Hopeavouri, where 54 shallow diamond holes (3,341m) have been drilled to depths of a maximum of 75‐
100m, include:
 R305: 11.5m at 19.4 g/t Gold from 30.6m depth;
 R313: 10.7m at 14.4 g/t Gold from 4.0m depth;
 R330: 3.0m at 106.7 g/t Gold from 22.0m depth.
Refer to the Company’s ASX releases of 9 June 2020 for full details and links to technical project reports.
The data presented in this ASX release is considered to be an accurate representation of the available data
and nothing has come to the attention of the Company to cause it to question the accuracy or reliability of
the historical results. However, insufficient work has been undertaken by the Competent Person to disclose
the results in compliance with the 2012 edition of the JORC Code. It is uncertain that following further
evaluation and/or exploration work, these historical exploration results will be able to be reported under
the 2012 edition of the JORC Code, or used in Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves in accordance with the
2012 edition of the JORC Code.

1

For personal use only

Corporate Update
As previously advised, the Company successfully raised $675,000 in a Placement several weeks ago and a
Share Purchase Plan for exisiting shareholders is currently open on the same terms and conditions, closing
on 15 July 2020.
The primary target for much of these funds is to implement the Hopeavuori drilling program,
commencment expected following permit transfer and acquisition settlement in September/October 2020.
Eligible Shareholders will have the right to apply for up to $30,000 worth of new shares to raise up to
$750,000 (before costs). The Company currently intends to accept oversubscriptions of up to an additional
$250,000 if there is sufficient demand (which would bring the total amount being raised to $1 million).
All Eligible Shareholders should be able to access a copy of their personalised acceptance form via the “2020
SPP” link on top right hand side of the home page of the Company’s website:
www.darkhorseresources.com.au
Copies of replacement forms or the SPP Booklet can be obtained by contacting the Company Secretary via
email at the following address kschlobohm@darkhorseresources.com.au

This Announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors
On behalf of the Board
Mr Karl Schlobohm
Company Secretary

For further information contact:
Mr David Mason
Managing Director, Dark Horse Resources Ltd
Ph: 0400 707 329
Email: dmason@darkhorseresources.com.au

Karl Schlobohm
Company Secretary, Dark Horse Resources Ltd
Ph: 07 3303 0661

COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENT
The information herein that relates to Exploration Targets and Exploration Results is based information
compiled by Mr Trevor Leahey, who is a member of The Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Leahey is
principal consultant with Computer Aided Geoscience Pty Ltd.
Mr Leahey has more than twenty years experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types
of deposits being reported and the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as
defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Minerals
Resources and Ore Reserves’ (the JORC Code). This public report is issued with the prior written consent of
the Competent Person(s) as to the form and context in which it appears.

2

For personal use only

Figure 1: Location of the Finland Gold and Sweden Tungsten Exploration Permits in northern Europe.

3

For personal use only

Figure 2: Location of the Hopeavuori and other Tampere Gold Project Exploration Permits and closest
Gold mines, Orivesi, Jokisivu Kaapelinkulma mines and the Vammala processing facility operated by the
Dragon Mining Limited (HKEx: 1712).

4

