ASX: GLH

For personal use only

Global Health Signs Peninsula Health for Community Health
Australian Healthcare Software provider Global Health Limited (ASX: GLH) (“Global Health” or
“Company”) has made a significant inroad into the Victorian Community Health Sector with the
signing of Peninsula Health on a 3-year contract, with the first year of services and licensing revenue
totalling $725,000.

Key Highlights


Implementation of MasterCare EMR (Electronic Medical Record), MasterCare+, ReferralNet
Secure Message Delivery and Dashboards-as-a-Service



Combined $725,000 in revenue from initial year of the contract



Over 800 new users on the MasterCare platform



Integration with DXC Technology’s i.PM



Integration with Cerner Corporation's Clinical Applications

Global Health’s rapid adoption through the Victorian Community Health setting has further extended its
reach by landing Peninsula Health, one of Victoria’s largest Community Healthcare providers, on a 3-year
contract. Not only will this contract increase users on Global Health’s MasterCare platform, it will also
have MasterCare integrate with DXC Technology’s i.PM Patient Administration System and Cerner
Corporation's Clinical Applications.

Global Health’s MasterCare platform will enable Peninsula Health to meet the key reporting
requirements for the NDIS (National Disability Insurance Scheme), HACC (Home & Community Care),
CHSP (Community Home Support Program), VADC (Victorian Alcohol & Drug Collection) and VINAH
(Victorian Integrated Non-Admitted Health) programs, as well as provide support for their Allied,
Community and Mental Health users.

Breaking into the Victorian Metropolitan Region
Peninsula Health is the newest name to join Global Health’s growing Victorian Community Health
Network, and the first major player from the Victorian Metropolitan region.

Level 2, 607 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC, 3004
E: investor.relations@global-health.com

ASX: GLH
Global Health has already accomplished a widespread adoption across the Victorian Community Health

For personal use only

setting, with Ballarat Community Health, Bellarine Community Health, Sunraysia Community Health,
Bass Coast Health, Monash Health and Windana Drug and Alcohol Recovery on the list of organisations
who signed in the last 24 months.

The demand for Global
Health’s MasterCare Solution
has grown in recent months
due to the increase in reporting
requirements for Victoria’s
major health programs.

“The modern-day Community
Health organisation must report
in up to 10 different formats
just to meet their funding obligations.
Using MasterCare allows them to achieve
this in a single integrated platform”,
said Kye Cherian, General Manager of MasterCare.

“MasterCare is a comprehensive Client management and Clinical solution that has modules for
Scheduling, Billing, Claiming, Referral Management and a whole suite of clinical features that add great
value to all facets of a health service.”

Global Health is continually investing in the MasterCare platform to ensure its functionality remains at
the front of the Victorian Community Health landscape. This includes the development of the new
MasterCare+ platform which is set to be the catalyst in achieving the Global Health vision.

Integrating with DXC Technology’s i.PM and Cerner Corporation's Clinical Applications
The Peninsula Health contract will also see Global Health’s MasterCare solution integrate with DXC
Technology’s i.PM software, as well as Cerner Corporation's Clinical Applications, for the first time.

Level 2, 607 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC, 3004
E: investor.relations@global-health.com

ASX: GLH

For personal use only

In commenting on the integration, Managing Director of Global Health, Mathew Cherian said:
“This integration will open up the possibility of deploying MasterCare alongside these applications across
a number of other major health providers within Victoria and Australia wide.

It aligns not only with our vision of a more Connected Healthcare Eco-system, but also opens up further
opportunities for expansion for both MasterCare and Global Health in the future.”

This document was authorised to be given to the ASX by:
Mathew Cherian
Managing Director Global Health

For further information please contact:

Mathew Ravi Cherian, Managing Director
Global Health Limited
T: (03) 9675 0600, M: 0409 099 788,
E: Mathew.Cherian@global-health.com

Rod North, Managing Director,
Bourse Communications Pty Ltd
T: (03) 9510 8309, M: 0408 670 706,
E: rod@boursecommunications.com.au

About Global Health Limited
Global Health (ASX: GLH) is a leading provider of Digital Health solutions to the Australasian Healthcare
Industry. Innovation, consumer-centricity and connectivity are the foundations of the Company’s vision of
‘Connecting Clinicians and Consumers.’
Global Health helps streamline the delivery of healthcare services and provide better health outcomes across
various health sectors, including acute and community settings.
Global Health offers a range of solutions to help health businesses be more efficient and deliver excellent
patient care. These include: electronic medical records, patient administration systems, practice management
systems, clinical records, secure message exchange, patient engagement platforms and consumer health
records.
Find out more about Global Health Solution’s at www.global-health.com or visit any of the product websites.

Level 2, 607 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC, 3004
E: investor.relations@global-health.com

