For personal use only

7 July 2020
Company Announcements Office
ASX Limited
Exchange Centre
20 Bridge Street
SYDNEY NSW 2001
Dear Sir/Madam
IMDEX enhances real-time rock knowledge offering with strategic acquisition of AusSpec
Please find attached an announcement in relation to the above mentioned subject for release to the
market.

Authorised by

Paul Evans
Company Secretary
Imdex Limited

CONFIDENTIAL – © Imdex Limited July 2020

For personal use only

7 July 2020

IMDEX enhances real-time rock knowledge offering with strategic
acquisition of AusSpec
Leading global Mining-Tech company, Imdex Limited (IMDEX or the Company), is pleased to announce
it has acquired AusSpec International Limited (AusSpec) for A$8.5m (A$3m in cash and A$5.5m in IMDEX
shares).
AusSpec was founded in 2013 and is the leading provider of spectral mineralogy through its unique
aiSIRIS platform – Artificial Intelligence (AI) Spectral InfraRed Interpretation System. AusSpec has a fouryear consistent and profitable growth profile and generates revenue 1 via a SaaS consumption model.
The acquisition is immediately cashflow positive, will provide an additional recurring revenue stream
for IMDEX and is expected to be earnings accretive from years 2-3. Further growth is anticipated through
IMDEX’s existing global network and integration with adjacent IMDEX solutions.
Key Acquisition Benefits for IMDEX
•
•
•
•

•
•
•
•

aiSIRIS is a unique industry leading low-touch SaaS product with high barriers to entry;
As a SaaS product, aiSIRIS delivers premium gross margins consistent with IMDEX’s strategy;
aiSIRIS is a proven product ready to be scaled via IMDEX’s global distribution network;
AusSpec co-founder Dr Sasha Pontual is the world-leading spectral mineralogy expert who has built
an extensive spectral library over the past five years. Dr Pontual and other AusSpec personnel will
join the IMDEX team;
AusSpec enhances IMDEX’s rock knowledge offering with spectral mineralogy and AI technologies;
aiSIRIS complements IMDEX’s existing In-Field GeoAnalysis solution and integrates with IMDEX
geochemistry analysis software (IMDEX ioGAS™);
AusSpec has well-established relationships with major resource companies; and
Acquisition terms provide appropriate technology advancement and delivery requirements.

Commenting on the acquisition IMDEX Chief Executive Officer, Mr Paul House, said:
“AusSpec is a strong strategic fit for IMDEX that is consistent with IMDEX’s acquisition and development
strategies. The acquisition provides a compelling opportunity to build on our total rock knowledge
offering for clients – from the rig to the core farm and the mill.
“Every mine in the world makes decisions on the four components of rock knowledge – location, texture,
grade and mineralogy. Our technology stack currently addresses three of these components and aiSIRIS
satisfies the fourth – mineralogy.
1

Unaudited revenue A$1.5 million for financial year ended 31 March 2020

1

For personal use only

“In line with our value proposition, aiSIRIS also enables the timely delivery of critical data. This allows
real-time decisions to be made, rather than having to wait weeks or months.
“We anticipate a seamless integration and are looking forward to building on our existing relationship
with AusSpec and its highly-knowledgeable team.”
IMDEX Chairman, Mr Anthony Wooles added:
“The acquisition aligns with IMDEX’s growth strategy and enhances the Company’s world-leading
product development capabilities.
“The prudent structure of the transaction shares the risk of future technology development and
importantly, does not place any pressure on the strength of the Company’s balance sheet.
“IMDEX’s Board and Executive Leadership Team are committed to a sustainable dividend policy, while
continuing to invest in new technologies such as aiSIRIS, which have the potential to deliver substantial
long-term earnings growth for shareholders.”
Transaction Overview
The consideration for the acquisition of 100% of AusSpec shares will be satisfied by three cash payments
of A$1.0m (commencing on completion and payable annually thereafter), together with A$5.5m in
IMDEX shares. A$5.0m IMDEX shares will be issued on completion and the balance in July 2022. Shares
will be issued at the volume weighed average price of each ordinary IMDEX share, as traded on the ASX
ten days prior to the date of calculation.
Cash considerations will be funded from IMDEX’s existing cash flows. Components of the cash and
equity considerations are conditional on the delivery of the next generation aiSIRIS-X and successfully
contracting sites with new or existing clients.
Completion is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions precedent and is expected to be effective in
late July 2020.
Additional background information regarding AusSpec, aiSIRIS, mineralogy and rock knowledge follows
this release.
-ENDS-

2

For personal use only

ADDITIONAL BACKGROUND AND BENEFITS FOR CLIENTS
AusSpec and aiSIRIS
AusSpec is the industry leader in automated mineralogy from infrared scanners and hand-held
spectrometers in the field.
The New Zealand-based company was co-founded by Dr Sasha Pontual – the world-leading spectral
mineralogy expert – who has built an extensive spectral library over the past five years. Dr Pontual holds
a PhD in Geology and Remote Sensing. She has more than 30 years’ experience in the application of
spectral data to mining and exploration and her vision ‘has always been to make spectral geology
available to all geologists.’
Dr Pontual and her team commenced development of aiSIRIS – Artificial Intelligence Spectral InfraRed
Interpretation System – in 2013. Since then, the third-generation SaaS product has processed over 2
million spectra on some 1000 projects with major resource companies and early technology adopters.
It is now ready to be scaled via IMDEX’s global distribution network.
www.ausspec.com
How aiSIRIS Works
Spectrometers emit and then measure the reflectance of near infrared light on a rock surface, these
are called spectra. From these spectra, minerals and their properties can be determined.
aiSIRIS allows the spectra captured by spectrometers to be uploaded to identify minerals using cloudbased machine algorithms. Results are then validated by spectral mineralogy experts before being
downloaded for critical decision making. The process is considerably faster, more economical and has
less risk than human led interpretation. As a result, mineralogy can become a routine part of the rock
characterisation process and allows a full understanding of the mineralogy of an ore system. This
understanding enhances the discovery phase and critically, informs how to optimally process ore once
mining has commenced.

3

For personal use only

IMDEX will work with Dr Pontual and the AusSpec team to develop and commercialise the next
generation aiSIRIS-X, which removes the need for expert validation and enables mineralogy results to
be securely accessed in real-time, anywhere and at any time.
Why Mineralogy and Rock Knowledge are Important
The economic viability of all orebodies is assessed on data relating to minerals, location, texture and
grade – the four key components of total rock knowledge. Rock knowledge is understanding the rock
as it exists in the drill or blasthole – in exploration it answers the question ‘where next’ and in production
it answers ‘how can processing be optimised’.

The minerals within an orebody influence its physical properties such as strength and breakability.
Typically, understanding the mineralogy of a sample involves laboratory testing and expert analysis
based on limited samples. The process is time consuming, costly and inefficient.
The Four
Components
of Rock
Knowledge

IMDEXHUBIQ™ connected
IMDEX
Solutions

•

•
•
•
Location
Grade
Texture
Mineralogy

Downhole
Navigation™
In-Field
GeoAnalysis™
Structural
Geology™
aiSIRIS

Time Saving
Provides actionable
data or information in
real-time via digital
workflow
Driller operable
instrumentation
Removes reliance on
third-party service
providers
Streamlines inefficient
workflows

•
•
•
•

Quality
Best in class
sensors
QA/QC at point of
data collection
Digital workflows
remove risk of
human error
AI removes human
subjectivity

•

•

Representivity
Lower cost than
traditional
methods allowing
data to be collected
for every metre
drilled
Timely information
for critical decision
making

























4

For personal use only

Drilling data is the primary source of information used to inform the major investment decisions made
by resource companies. On average, the volume of material drilled, sampled and studied compared to
the volume of material mined is approximately 0.0001%. Obtaining quality data and having confidence
in the results is vital.
IMDEX’s vision as a leading global Mining-Tech company is to provide clients with real-time access to
quality rock knowledge to enhance decision making across the mining value chain. aiSIRIS provides
another important component in IMDEX’s technology stack to achieve this.

ABOUT IMDEX
IMDEX is a leading Mining-Tech company, which enables successful and cost-effective operations from
exploration to production. The Company develops cloud-connected sensors and drilling optimisation
products to improve the process of identifying and extracting mineral resources for drilling contractors
and resource companies globally. www.imdexlimited.com
FURTHER INFORMATION
Kym Clements – IMDEX Investor Relations Officer
Mobile: 0415 181 172 Email: Kym.clements@imdexlimited.com

5

