For personal use only

Spectur Limited (ASX:SP3)
ASX Announcement
Tuesday 7 July 2020

Clarification – CSIRO Contract
Spectur Limited refers to the long-term Collaboration Agreement with CSIRO’s Data61
(“Agreement”) disclosed in its ASX announcement dated 2 July 2020.
By way of a clarifying announcement Spectur includes the following information:
1.

The Project Term is 18 months

2.

The Collaboration Agreement forms the foundation for a suite of expanded AI
applications that can be deployed on the STA6 (and in some cases the HD5)
platform. CSIRO’s Data61 will develop a range of AI applications and the
modular deployment to the STA6 (for edge applications) and the cloud (for
web-based applications).

The Agreement is disclosed to provide information from a product enhancement and sales
application potential perspective and is not a revenue contract.
The Board does not consider the Agreement financially material to the Company nor
quantifiable in the short term, however over time we expect it to contribute significantly to
the capability of Spectur’s new STA6 platform, thereby assisting in growing revenues through
the expansion of use cases for the product.
This ASX announcement was approved for release by the board of Spectur Limited.
Yours sincerely
Suzie Foreman
Company Secretary
e: investors@spectur.com.au

For personal use only

About Spectur Limited
Spectur Limited (ASX:SP3) is an Australian-based developer of security, surveillance and
warning solutions powered by solar, IoT [Internet of Things], camera and cloud-based
technology. The Company owns the rights to its innovative hardware and disruptive cloudbased systems which are deployed to provide solutions to industries including government
and utilities, and the building, construction and civil sector.
Spectur’s core products are solar powered deterrence and surveillance systems and
associated cloud-based platforms. These systems incorporate cameras, lighting, audible
warnings and a hardware IoT platform, remotely accessed and connected via 3G/4G
technology to a cloud-based platform. The offering is complemented by a longer distance,
24-hour thermal camera deterrence solution, suitable for customers with long perimeters.
Spectur is used and trusted by small business to multinationals and the Company is
currently implementing a strategic growth plan to build market dominance in the
Australian government and utilities sector to meet demand for innovative, remote camera
and IoT solutions.
To learn more, please visit: www.spectur.com.au

2

