For personal use only

PROSPECTUS

Torian Resources Limited
ABN 72 002 261 565
A partially underwritten renounceable pro rata entitlement offer to Eligible Shareholders of
approximately 135,972,430 New Shares at an issue price of $0.016 per New Share on the
basis of 1 New Share for every 4 Existing Shares held, together with 1 attaching New
Option for every 2 New Shares subscribed for, to raise up to approximately $2.2 million
before issue costs (Entitlement Offer).
This Prospectus is also being issued for the Shortfall Offer and for the purpose of section
708A(11) of the Corporations Act to remove any trading restrictions on the sale of Shares
issued by the Company prior to the last closing date under the Offers without disclosure
under Part 6D of the Corporations Act.

LEAD MANAGER AND UNDERWRITER
Mahe Capital Pty Ltd

This Prospectus is a transaction-specific prospectus issued in accordance with section 713 of the
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). If you are an Eligible Shareholder, this is an important document that
requires your immediate attention. It should be read in its entirety with the Entitlement and Acceptance
Form. If after reading this Prospectus you have any questions about the Securities being offered under
this Prospectus or any other matter, then you should consult your stockbroker, accountant or other
professional adviser. An investment in the New Securities offered under this Prospectus is highly
speculative.
This Prospectus is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of
America (including its territories and possessions, any state of the US and the District of Columbia).
This Prospectus is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States or to, or for the account or
benefit of, US Persons. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under
the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to,
or for the account or benefit of, US Persons. No public offering of securities is being made in the United
States.

Important Notices

For personal use only

This Prospectus is dated 7 July 2020 and was lodged with
ASIC on that date. Neither ASIC, ASX nor any of their
respective officers take any responsibility for the contents
of this Prospectus or the merits of the investment to which
this Prospectus relates.
This Prospectus is a transaction specific prospectus for an
offer of ‘continuously quoted securities’ (as defined in the
Corporations Act) and options to acquire continuously
quoted securities. It has been prepared in accordance with
section 713 of the Corporations Act. It does not contain the
same level of disclosure as an initial public offering or ‘full
form’ prospectus. In preparing this Prospectus, regard has
been had to the fact that the Company is a ‘disclosing
entity’ for the purposes of the Corporations Act and that
certain matters may reasonably be expected to be known
to investors and their professional advisers.
No securities will be allotted or issued on the basis of this
Prospectus later than 13 months after the date of this
Prospectus.
Prospectus availability
Eligible Shareholders can obtain a copy of this Prospectus
during the Offer Period on the Company’s website at
www.torianresources.com.au or by contacting the
Company. The electronic version of this Prospectus is
provided for information purposes only. A paper copy of
the Prospectus may be obtained free of charge on request
during the relevant Offer Period by contacting the
Company. The information on the Company’s website
does not form part of this Prospectus. If you access an
electronic copy of this Prospectus, you should ensure that
you download and read the entire Prospectus.
Foreign jurisdictions
This Prospectus is not, and is not intended to constitute,
an offer, invitation or issue in any place in which, or to any
person to whom, it would be unlawful to make such an
offer, invitation or issue.

consider these risk factors in light of personal
circumstances and should consider consulting their
professional advisers before deciding whether to apply for
New Securities pursuant to this Prospectus.
Publicly available information
Information about the Company is publicly available and
can be obtained from ASIC and ASX (including the ASX
website at www.asx.com.au). The contents of any website
or ASIC or ASX filing by the Company are not incorporated
into this Prospectus and do not constitute part of the
Offers. This Prospectus is intended to be read in
conjunction with the publicly available information in
relation to the Company which has been notified to ASX.
Investors should therefore have regard to the other
publicly available information in relation to the Company
before making a decision whether or not to invest in the
Company or subscribe for New Securities.
The Company has not authorised any person to give any
information or make any representation in connection with
an Offer which is not contained in this Prospectus. Any
such extraneous information or representation may not be
relied upon as having been authorised by the Company in
connection with this Prospectus.
Statements of past performance
Past performance and pro forma financial information
included in this Prospectus is given for illustrative
purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and is
not) an indication of the Company's views on its future
financial performance or condition. Investors should note
that past performance, including past Share price
performance, of the Company cannot be relied upon as an
indicator of (and provides no guidance as to) the
Company's future performance including future Share
price performance. The historical information included in
this Prospectus is, or is based on, information that has
previously been released to the market.

The distribution of this Prospectus and accompanying
Entitlement and Acceptance Forms (including electronic
copies) outside Australia, New Zealand and Singapore
may be restricted by law and persons who come into
possession of these documents should observe any such
restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions
may contravene applicable securities laws. The Company
disclaims all liability to such persons. Please refer to
Section 8.7 for further information.

Investors should also be aware that certain financial data
included in this Prospectus may be 'non-IFRS financial
information' under Regulatory Guide 230 Disclosing nonIFRS financial information published by ASIC. The
Company believes this non-IFRS financial information
provides useful information to users in measuring the
financial performance and condition of the Company. The
non-IFRS financial information do not have a standardised
meaning prescribed by Australian Accounting Standards
and, therefore, may not be comparable to similarly titled
measures presented by other entities, nor should they be
construed as an alternative to other financial measures
determined in accordance with Australian Accounting
Standards. Investors are cautioned, therefore, not to place
undue reliance on any non-IFRS financial information and
ratios (if any) included in this Prospectus.

Risk factors

Forward-looking statements

Potential investors should be aware that subscribing for
securities in the Company involves a number of risks. The
key risk factors are set out in Section 6 of this Prospectus.
These risks together with other general risks applicable to
all investments in quoted securities not specifically
referred to, may affect the value of the Company’s
securities in the future. An investment in the Company
should be considered speculative. Investors should

This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements
been based on current expectations about future acts,
events and circumstances, such as ‘intends’, ‘may’,
‘could’, ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘targets’ or ‘expects’. These
forward-looking statements are subject to risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that could cause those
acts, events and circumstances to differ materially from

By applying for New Securities, including by submitting an
Entitlement and Acceptance Form or making a payment
using BPAY® an Applicant represents and warrants that
there has been no breach of such laws.

the expectations described in such forward-looking
statements.

For personal use only

Accordingly, the Company cannot and does not give any
assurance that the results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward- looking statements
contained in this Prospectus will actually occur. Further,
except during an offer period and otherwise as required by
law, the Company may not update or revise any forwardlooking statement if events subsequently occur or
information subsequently becomes available that affects
the original forward-looking statement.
Applications
Applications for New Securities offered by this Prospectus
can only be made on an original Application Form
accompanying this Prospectus. Please read the
instructions in this Prospectus and on the accompanying
Application Form regarding the acceptance of an Offer.
By returning an Application Form, lodging an Application
Form with a stockbroker or otherwise arranging for
payment of New Securities in accordance with the
instructions on the Application Form, an Applicant
acknowledges that they have received and read this
Prospectus, acted in accordance with the terms of the
Offer to which the Application Form relates and agree to
all of the terms and conditions as detailed in this
Prospectus.
Applications for the Shortfall Offer by persons other than
Eligible Shareholders can only be submitted by invitation
from the Company.
No cooling-off period
No cooling off rights apply to Applications submitted under
the Offers.
Disclaimer of representations
No person is authorised to provide any information or
make any representation in connection with the Offers
which is not contained in this Prospectus.
Except as required by law, and only to the extent so
required, neither the Company nor any other person
warrants or guarantees the future performance of the
Company, or any return on any investment made pursuant
to this Prospectus.
Privacy
Please read the privacy information located in Section
8.15 of this Prospectus. By submitting an Entitlement and
Acceptance Form, you consent to the matters outlined in
that section.
Definitions
Certain terms and abbreviations used in this Prospectus
have defined meanings which are explained in the
Glossary.
Photographs and Diagrams
Photographs used in this Prospectus which do not have
descriptions are for illustration only and should not be
interpreted to mean that any person endorses the
Prospectus or its contents or that the assets shown in them
are owned by the Company. Diagrams used in this
Prospectus are illustrative only and may not be drawn to
scale.

Enquiries
Before making a decision about investing in the
Entitlement Offer, you should seek advice from your
stockbroker, accountant, financial adviser, taxation
adviser or other independent professional adviser to
determine whether it meets your objectives, financial
situation and needs.
If you are in any doubt as to how to deal with any of the
matters raised in this Prospectus, you should consult with
your broker, or legal, financial or other professional adviser
without delay. Should you have any questions about the
Entitlement Offer or how to accept the Entitlement Offer,
please call the Company Secretary.
If you have misplaced your Entitlement and Acceptance
Form and would like a replacement form, please call the
applicable number below. Alternatively, if you have the
Securityholder Reference Number or Holder Identification
Number for your holding(s), you can download a
replacement form from the Share Registry's secure
website at https://www.advancedshare.com.au/.
If you have any questions, please call the Company
Secretary on + 61 8 9420 8208 at any time between
8.00am and 5.00pm (Perth time) Monday to Friday until
the Closing Date. Alternatively, consult your broker,
accountant or other professional adviser.
Website
To view annual reports, shareholder and other information
about the Company, announcements, background
information on the Company’s operations and historical
information,
visit
the
Company's
website
at
www.torianresources.com.au.

CONTENTS
TIMETABLE TO THE OFFERS ................................................................................................ 2

2.

KEY OFFER TERMS ................................................................................................................ 2

3.

CHAIRMANS LETTER ............................................................................................................. 3

4.

INVESTMENT OVERVIEW AND KEY RISKS .......................................................................... 4

5.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFERS ......................................................................... 10

6.

RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 15

7.

ACTIONS REQUIRED BY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS ...................................................... 22

8.

DETAILS OF THE OFFERS ................................................................................................... 26

9.

RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES ATTACHING TO SECURITIES .................................................. 34

10.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 38

11.

DIRECTORS' STATEMENT ................................................................................................... 43

12.

GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................................ 44

13.

PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION ....................................................... 46

For personal use only

1.

For personal use only

1.

2.

TIMETABLE TO THE OFFERS
Event

Target Date

Announcement of the Offers

6 July 2020

Lodgement of this Prospectus

7 July 2020

Ex date (Shares trade ex entitlement)

9 July 2020

Rights trading commences on a deferred settlement basis
Record date to determine Entitlement (Record Date)

10 July 2020

Prospectus with Entitlement and Acceptance Form dispatched

14 July 2020

Entitlement Offer and Shortfall Offer opens for receipt of
Applications
Rights trading ends

21 July 2020

Last date to extend the Entitlement Offer

23 July 2020

Closing date for acceptances under the Entitlement Offer

28 July 2020

Notify ASX of under-subscriptions

30 July 2020

Issue of New Securities under the Entitlement Offer

3 August 2020

Dispatch of holding statements
Underwriting settlement date

3 August 2020

Normal trading of New Shares and New Options expected to
commence

4 August 2020

Last date to issue Shortfall Securities (see Section 8.6)

28 October 2020

Note:

Dates and times in this Prospectus are indicative only and subject to change. All times and dates refer to WST time.
The Company, in consultation with the Underwriter, reserves the right, subject to the Corporations Act, ASX Listing
Rules and other applicable laws, to vary the dates of the Offers without prior notice, including extending the Offers or
accepting late applications, either generally or in particular cases, or to withdraw the Offers without prior notice.
Applicants are encouraged to submit their personalised Entitlement and Acceptance Forms as soon as possible. The
commencement of quotation of New Shares is subject to confirmation from ASX.

KEY OFFER TERMS
Full Subscription
Shares currently on issue1

543,889,723

Total Options currently on issue

315,556,358

New Shares offered under this Prospectus, on a 1 for 4
basis

135,972,430

New Options offered on a 1 for 2 New Shares basis

67,986,215

Issue price per New Share
Amount raised under this Prospectus (before costs)

$0.016
$2.2 million

Note:
1. This assumes that no further Shares are issued prior to the Record Date.

2

3.

CHAIRMANS LETTER

For personal use only

Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of Torian’s Directors, I am pleased to offer Eligible Shareholders the opportunity to participate
in a partially underwritten 1:4 renounceable entitlement offer of New Shares in the Company at an Offer
Price of A$0.016 per New Share together with 1 attaching New Option for every 2 New Shares
subscribed for, to raise up to approximately $2.2 million before issue costs.
Mahe Capital have agreed to partially underwrite the Entitlement Offer for an amount of $1 million.
The funds raised will enable the company to proceed to undertake a 12,000- 15,000M RC & Diamond
drill programme including assaying and additional mapping, sampling and geophysics of the Stirling
Gold Camp as it progresses through its systematic exploration approach. In addition, the company will
commence its maiden mapping & sampling program of additional targets at the Mt Monger project.
As announced on 2 July 2020, Nova Minerals Limited (Nova) elected for an early conversion of their
Convertible Notes and accrued interest into 94,605,500 Shares so that they can participate in the
Entitlement Offer as a major shareholder.
Since coming on board at the end of March this year, Nova have been exceptionally supportive of
Torian. In addition to the excellent technical expertise that they have provided, we have consistently
utilised synergies across the two companies that has enabled us to bring various costs down as a
result.
We look forward to working very closely with the team at Nova in the months and years ahead.
Details of your Entitlement
Eligible Shareholders are entitled to subscribe for 1 New Share for every 4 Existing Shares held at
5.00pm (Perth time) on 10 July 2020, together with 1 attaching New Option for every 2 New Shares
subscribed for.
Eligible Shareholders may also apply for Shortfall Securities at the Offer Price in excess of their
Entitlement. Shortfall Securities will only be allocated to Eligible Shareholders if available and if and to
the extent that the Company so determines, in its absolute discretion. The Company may elect to scaleback applications for Shortfall Securities in its absolute discretion in consultation with Mahe Capital.
Further information
Further information on the Entitlement Offer is detailed in this Prospectus. You should read the entirety
of this Prospectus carefully before deciding whether to participate in the Entitlement Offer. There are
risks in investing in the Company, including risks associated with markets generally, and ongoing
requirements for additional funding. Please see section 6 for details. If any of these risks or other
material risks eventuate, it will likely have a material adverse impact on the Company's future financial
performance and position.
Executive Directors Paul Summers and Peretz Schaprio have agreed to subscribe for their full
entitlement under the Entitlement Offer. We look forward to the ongoing support of all Shareholders as
we continue on this exciting journey.
The Board recommends the Entitlement Offer to you and looks forward to your support.
Yours sincerely

Louie Simens
Non-Executive Chairman
TORIAN RESOURCES LIMITED

4.

INVESTMENT OVERVIEW AND KEY RISKS

For personal use only

This information is a selective overview only. Prospective investors should read the Prospectus in full
before deciding to invest in New Securities.
Question

Response

What is the
Entitlement
Offer?

A partially underwritten renounceable entitlement offer
to subscribe for 1 New Share for every 4 Existing Shares
held on the Record Date at an issue price of $0.016, with
1 attaching New Option for every 2 New Shares
subscribed for.
The Entitlement Offer seeks to issue up to 135,972,340
New Shares and 67,986,215 million New Options to
raise up to approximately $2.2 million (before costs) if
fully subscribed. Up to a further approximately $1.36
million may be raised if all New Options to be issued
under the Entitlement Offer are exercised.
A secondary purpose of this Prospectus is to meet the
requirements of section 708A(11) of the Corporations
Act to remove any trading restrictions on the sale of
Shares issued by the Company pursuant to the
conversion of Nova’s Convertible Notes and any other
Shares issued at the Company’s recent annual general
meeting.

Am I an Eligible
Shareholder?

The Entitlement Offer is made to Eligible Shareholders,
being Shareholders who:
(a)

are the registered holder of Shares as at
5.00pm (Perth time) on the Record Date; and

(b)

have a registered address in Australia, New
Zealand or Singapore.

What is my
Entitlement?

Your Entitlement is the right granted to you under the
Entitlement Offer to subscribe for 1 New Share at the
Offer Price for every 4 Existing Shares you hold as at
the Record Date with 1 attaching New Option for every
2 New Shares subscribed for.
Your Entitlement will be noted on your personalised
Entitlement and Acceptance Form.

What can I do
with my
Entitlement?

As an Eligible Shareholder, you may do any one of the
following:
(a)
take up all or part of your Entitlement;
(b)
take up all of your Entitlement and apply for
Shortfall Securities;
(c)
sell all or part of your Entitlement; or
(d)

do nothing, in which case you will be deemed
to have renounced your Entitlement and your
Shareholding will be diluted if New Shares are
issued under the Offers.

Where to find more
information
Section 8

Section 7

For personal use only

What happens if
I am an
Ineligible
Shareholder?

The Company will not be extending the Entitlement
Offer to Ineligible Shareholders. However, for the
purposes of Listing Rule 7.7.1(c), the Company has
appointed the Underwriter as nominee to arrange for the
sale of the Ineligible Shareholders' Entitlements and to
account for the net proceeds of the sale to them.

Section 8.8

How will the
proceeds of the
Entitlement
Offer be used?

The Company will use funds raised under the
Entitlement Offer (together with existing cash on hand):

Section 5.2

Use of funds

Full
Subscription

% of funds
raised

12,000- 15,000M
RC & Diamond drill
programme
including assaying

$1,200,000

55%

Mapping
&
Sampling
of
additional targets
at Mt Monger

$400,000

19%

Corporate
and
Administration

$353,819

16%

Costs
of
the
Entitlement Offer

$221,740

10%

$2,175,559

100%

Total

A further breakdown of the use of funds, including where
only the Underwritten Amount is raised, is set out in
Section 5.2.
What are the
key risks of a
subscription
under the
Entitlement
Offer?

An investment in the Company has risks that you should
consider before making a decision to invest. Please
carefully consider these risks and the information
contained in other sections of this Prospectus before
deciding whether or not to apply for New Securities.
These risks include:
Assessment of stamp duty
Following the acquisition of Cascade Resources Limited
in 2017 (Acquisition), the Company paid stamp duty in
accordance with the Duties Act 2008 (WA).
Subsequently, the Office of State Revenue (OSR) has
given notice to the Company that it had reassessed the
value of the Acquisition and advised the Company that,
in the view of the OSR, additional duty and penalties
may be payable on the Acquisition.
The Company has questioned this reassessment and,
following submissions to the Commissioner, a new
designated valuation of the transaction is being
undertaken. The ultimate duty payable will be
dependent on the value provided under this new
valuation and on acceptance of that value by the OSR
which may result in the payment of additional duty (and

Section 6

For personal use only

associated penalties) on the Acquisition, at a level to be
determined.
There is a risk that the Company’s liability for stamp duty
may be higher than the amount paid to date and if this
is the case, it may be necessary for the Company to
raise additional funding to meet this liability. There is no
guarantee such funds will be able to be raised and if so
on what terms.
Exploration risk
The mineral mining licenses of the Company are at
various stages of exploration, and potential investors
should understand that mineral exploration and
development are high-risk undertakings. There can be
no assurance that exploration of these mining licenses,
or any other mining licenses that may be acquired in the
future, will result in the discovery of an economic ore
deposit. Even if an apparently viable deposit is
identified, there is no guarantee that it can be
economically exploited.
The future exploration activities of the Company may be
affected by a range of factors including geological
conditions, limitations on activities due to seasonal
weather patterns, unanticipated operational and
technical difficulties, industrial and environmental
accidents, native title process, changing government
regulations, mill capacity availability and many other
factors beyond the control of the Company.
The success of the Company will also depend upon the
Company having access to sufficient development
capital, being able to maintain title to its mining licenses
and obtaining all required approvals for its activities. In
the event that exploration programmes prove to be
unsuccessful this could lead to a diminution in the value
of the mining licenses, a reduction in the case reserves
of the Company and possible relinquishment of the
mining licenses.
The exploration costs of the Company are based on
certain assumptions with respect to the method and
timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates
and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties
and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially differ
from these estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, no
assurance can be given that the cost estimates and the
underlying assumptions will be realised in practice,
which may materially and adversely affect the
Company’s viability.
Operational risks
The operations of the Company may be affected by
various factors which are beyond the control of the
Company, including failure to locate or identify mineral
deposits, failure to achieve predicted grades in
exploration or mining, operational and technical
difficulties encountered in exploration, difficulties in
commissioning or operating plant and equipment or
mechanical failure which may affect extraction costs,
adverse weather conditions, environmental accidents,

For personal use only

industrial disputes and unexpected shortages or
increases in the costs of consumables, spare parts,
plant and equipment, fire, explosions and other
incidents beyond the control of the Company.
These risks and hazards could also result in damage to,
or destruction of, equipment, personal injury,
environmental damage, business interruption and
possible legal liability. While the Company currently
intends to maintain insurance within ranges of coverage
consistent with industry practice, no assurance can be
given that the Company will be able to obtain such
insurance coverage at reasonable rates (or at all), or
that any coverage it obtains will be adequate and
available to cover any such claims.
Fluctuations in gold prices
The price of gold and other minerals fluctuates widely
and is affected by numerous factors beyond the control
of the Company such as industrial and retail supply and
demand, exchange rates, inflation rates, changes in
global economies, confidence in the global monetary
system, forward sales of metals by producers and
speculators as well as other global or regional political,
social or economic events. Future serious price declines
in the market value of gold could cause the continued
development of, and eventually the commercial
production from, the Company’s projects and the
Company’s other properties to be rendered
uneconomic. Depending on the price of gold the
Company could be forced to discontinue production or
development and may lose its interest in, or may be
forced to sell, some of its properties. There is no
assurance that, even as commercial quantities of gold is
produced, a profitable market will exist for it.
In addition to adversely affecting the reserve estimates
of the Company and its financial condition, declining
commodity prices can impact operations by requiring a
reassessment of the feasibility of a particular project.
Such a reassessment may be the result of a
management decision or may be required under
financing arrangements related to a particular project.
Even if a project is ultimately determined to be
economically viable, the need to conduct such a
reassessment may cause substantial delays or may
interrupt operations until the reassessment can be
completed.
Future capital needs
Additional funding may be required in the event costs
exceed the Company’s estimates and to effectively
implement its business and operational plans in the
future to take advantage of opportunities for acquisition,
joint ventures or other business opportunities, and to
meet any unanticipated liabilities or expenses which the
Company may incur. If such events occur, additional
funding will be required.
The Company may seek to raise further funds through
equity or debt financing, joint ventures, licensing
arrangements, or other means. Failure to obtain

For personal use only

sufficient financing for the Company’s activities and
future projects may result in delay and indefinite
postponement of the Company’s activities and potential
development programs. There can be no assurance that
additional finance will be available when needed or, if
available, the terms of the financing may not be
favourable to the Company and might involve
substantial dilution to shareholders.
COVID-19 risk
In December 2019, a strain of coronavirus (COVID-19)
was identified in Wuhan, China. On 11 March 2020, the
World Health Organisation declared COVID-19 a
pandemic. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in
the implementation of governmental measures,
including closures, quarantines and travel bans,
intended to control the spread of the virus.
The Directors are constantly monitoring the situation
and, as at the date of this Prospectus, COVID-19 has
not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse
effect on the Company’s exploration activities and
financial performance.
However, in the event that the Federal Government or
Western Australian Government implement any
increase in containment measures in response to the
ongoing pandemic, this may prevent the Company, and
other business partners, from conducting business
activities for periods of time and may impact on the
Company’s ability undertake exploration activities and
could cause delays to future work program activities.
Such measures taken in response to COVID-19 may
adversely impact the Company’s operations and are
likely to be beyond the control of the Company.
Further, the outbreak of COVID-19 is impacting global
economic markets. The nature and extent of the effect
of the outbreak on the performance of the Company
remains unknown. The Company’s share price may be
adversely affected in the short to medium term by the
economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19.
Is the
Entitlement
Offer
underwritten?

Yes - the Entitlement Offer is partially underwritten by
Mahe Capital to the amount of $1 million (Underwritten
Amount). The Underwriter will also act as lead manager
for the remaining amount.
For further information on the Underwriter please refer
to Section 8.3.

Section 8.3

What will be the
effect of the
Offers on
control of the
Company?

The effect of the Entitlement Offer on control of the
Company will vary with the level of Entitlements taken
up by Eligible Shareholders and the number of Shortfall
Securities placed in the Shortfall Offer.
The Company and the Underwriter will cap the extent to
which a Shareholder may take up Shortfall Securities
issued under the Shortfall Offer such that there will be
no Shareholder whose interest would exceed 19.9% as
a result of the Offers except to the extent permitted by
law.

Section 5.6

For personal use only

What is the
effect of the
Offers on the
Company?

The maximum number of New Shares and New Options
that will be issued under the Offers is 135,972,430 New
Shares and 72,337,333 New Options, representing 20%
of the issued share capital and 19% of the option capital
of the Company on completion of the Offers
respectively.

Section 5.4

Can I apply for
New Shares
and New
Options in
excess of my
Entitlement?

Yes, you can apply for New Shares and New Options in
excess of your Entitlement (Shortfall Securities).

Section 8.6

How do I apply
for New
Securities and
Shortfall
Securities under
the Entitlement
Offer?

Applications for New Securities and Shortfall Securities
can be made by Eligible Shareholders completing the
relevant sections of the personalised Entitlement and
Acceptance Form and sending it to the Share Registry
together with payment by cheque or BPAY® in the
amount of Entitlement and Shortfall Securities applied
for.

Section 7.2

How will the
Shortfall
Securities be
allocated?

Eligible Shareholders can apply for Shortfall Securities.
The Directors, together with the Underwriter, reserve the
right to place any Shortfall Securities at their discretion
within 3 months of the Closing Date.

Section 8.6

How do I accept
the Entitlement
Offer?

If you are within Australia, New Zealand or Singapore
and you have an account with an Australian financial
institution that supports BPAY® payments, you may pay
your Application Monies via BPAY®.
Alternatively, you may complete and return the
personalised Entitlement and Acceptance Form with the
requisite Application Monies, by following the
instructions set out on the personalised Entitlement and
Acceptance Form.

Section 7.9

Is the
Entitlement
Offer subject to
Shareholder
approval?

No, shareholder approval is not required for the
Entitlement Offer or the Offers.

How can I
obtain further
advice?

Contact the Company Secretary on +61 8 9420 8208 at
any time between 8.00am and 5.00pm (Perth time)
Monday to Friday until the Closing Date. Alternatively,
consult your broker, accountant or other professional
adviser.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFERS

5.1

Introduction

For personal use only

5.

5.2

5.3

The Company is seeking to raise up to approximately $2.2 million before issue costs under the
Entitlement Offer at a price of $0.016 per New Share on the basis of 1 New Share for every 4 Existing
Shares held as at the Record Date, with 1 attaching New Option for every 2 New Shares subscribed
for.
Shareholders may, in addition to their Entitlement apply for Shortfall Securities at the Offer Price.

Purpose of the Offers
The Directors intend to apply the proceeds from the Entitlement Offer together with existing cash on
hand as follows:
Use of funds

Underwritten
Amount

% of funds raised Full Subscription % of funds raised

Exploration at Mt
Stirling

$750,000

75%

1,600,000

74%

12,000- 15,000M RC
& Diamond drill
programme including
assaying

$750,000

75%

$1,200,000

55%

Mapping & Sampling
of additional targets at
Mt Monger

-

$400,000

19%

Corporate and
Administration

$98,794

10%

$353,819

16%

Costs of the
Entitlement Offer

$151,206

15%

$221,740

10%

Total use of funds

$1,000,000

100%

$2,175,559

100%

Notes:
1.

This table is a statement of the proposed application of the funds raised as at the date of this Prospectus. As with any
budget, intervening events and new circumstances have the potential to affect the Company’s decisions. The Company
reserves the right to vary the way funds are applied.

2.

There is no minimum subscription condition for any Offer to proceed. The Entitlement Offer and Shortfall Offer are partially
underwritten, for the value of the Underwritten Amount, which will result in at least $1 million being raised irrespective of
any subscription by Eligible Shareholders. In the event the Company does not achieve Full Subscription and only raises
funds for the Underwritten Amount, the funds raised will be applied in the manner set out in the second column of the
table above.

3.

Corporate and Administration includes general working capital which is intended to accelerate and/or extend/continue the
above initiatives as required, and other corporate administration and operating costs (including directors’ fees, ASX and
share registry fees, legal, tax and audit fees, insurance and travel costs).

4.

See section 10.5 for further details relating to the estimated expenses of the Entitlement Offer. Please note that in addition
to the costs of the Entitlement Offer, the Underwriter is entitled to be issued 2 New Options for every $1 raised under the
Entitlement Offer. For further details on the Underwriter’s remuneration please refer to Section 8.3 for further information.

Statement of financial position
Set out in section 13 is the unaudited consolidated statement of financial position of the Company as at
31 May 2020 and the unaudited pro-forma statement of financial position as at 31 May 2020, and on
the basis of the following assumptions:
(a)

take up of the Entitlement Offer under two scenarios: where the Underwritten Amount is raised
and where the Full Subscription is raised;

(b)

the issue of 94,605,000 Shares on 6 July 2020 on conversion of Nova’s Convertibles Notes
and accrued interest at a conversion price of 0.45 cents per Share;

For personal use only

5.4

(c)

the issue of 1,677,900 Shares and 2,120,000 Shares to Paul Summers (current Director) and
Angus Middleton (previous Director) respectively, in satisfaction of unpaid accrued director
fees on 2 July 2020;

(d)

the payment of cash costs related to the Entitlement Offer estimated to be $151,206 for the
Underwritten Amount and $221,740 for Full Subscription; and

(e)

no further Shares are issued other than all New Shares offered under this Prospectus
(including that no Options on issue are exercised).

The pro-forma statement of financial position has been prepared to provide investors with information
on the assets and liabilities of the Company and pro-forma assets and liabilities of the Company set out
in section 13. The pro-forma financial information is presented in an abbreviated form, insofar as it does
not include all of the disclosures required by Australian Accounting Standards applicable to annual
financial statements. The pro-forma statement is indicative only and is not intended to be a statement
of the Company’s current of future financial position.

Effect of the Offers on the Company’s securities
Assuming that no further Shares are issued prior to the Record Date, at the close of the Offers the
capital structure of the Company will be:

Shares

Underwritten Amount
Number

Full Subscription
%

Number

%

Existing Shares

543,889,723

89.69%

543,889,723

80.00%

New Shares offered
under this
Prospectus1

62,500,000

10.31%

135,972,430

20.00%

Total Shares

606,389,723

100%

679,862,153

100%

Note:
1.

Per the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter (or its nominee) is entitled to subscribe for additional New Shares if it
exercises its right to subscribe for scrip in consideration of the underwriting and lead manager fees. Please refer to
Section 8.3 for further information.

Assuming that no further Options are issued prior to the Record Date, at the close of the Offers, the
number of Options on issue will be:
Underwritten Amount

For personal use only

Options

5.5

5.6

Options exercisable at $0.10
expiring 9 April 2023
Options exercisable at $0.02
expiring 7 February 2022
New Options offered on a 1 for
2 New Shares basis Options
exercisable at $0.02 expiring 7
February 2022
Underwriter Options (2 New
Options for every $1 raised)
Total Options

Full Subscription

Number

%

Number

%

11,000,000

3.15%

11,000,000

2.83%

304,556,358

87.32%

304,556,358

78.52%

31,250,000

8.96%

67,986,215

17.53%

2,000,000

0.57%

4,351,118

1.12%

348,806,358

100%

387,893,691

100%

Note:
1.

Per the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter (or its nominee) is entitled to be issued 2 New Options for every $1
raised under the Entitlement Offer and is entitled to subscribe for additional New Options if it exercises its right to
subscribe for scrip in consideration of the underwriting and lead manager fees. Please refer to Section 8.3 for further
information.

Details of substantial holders
Based on public available information as at the date of this Prospectus, the following persons which
(together with their associates) have a relevant interest in 5% or more of the Shares.
Shareholder

Shares

%

Nova Minerals Limited

94,605,000

17.39%

In the event all Entitlements are accepted in full there will be no change. However, Nova’s holdings and
the holdings of other Shareholders may change as a result of their participation in the Offers.

Effect of the Offers on the control of the Company
(a)

General
There potential effect that the Offers could have on the control of the Company, and the
consequences of that effect, will depend upon a number of factors, including investor demand
and existing shareholdings.
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Company has 543,889,723 Shares and 315,556,358
Options on issue. As noted above, Nova has a relevant interest in 17.39% of the Company
and, to the extent it participates in the Entitlement Offer, will not subscribe for New Securities
that would result in it having a voting power of 19.9% of more of the Shares on issue following
completion of the Offers except to the extent permitted by law.

(b)

Underwriter and control of the Company
If no existing Shareholders and no third party investors participate in either the Entitlement
Offer or the Shortfall Offer, the maximum amount of New Securities to be issued to the
Underwriter is 62,500,000 New Shares and 33,250,000 New Options which would result in
the Underwriter acquiring a relevant interest in 10.31% of the Company. Currently, the
Underwriter is not a Shareholder of the Company nor a related party of the Company for the
purposes of the Corporations Act. The extent to which Shares are issued pursuant to the
underwriting will increase the Underwriter’s voting power in the Company accordingly.
The Underwriter has agreed in the Underwriting Agreement that neither it nor any investor
who subscribes for a portion of the underwriting commitment in its place will obtain voting

power of 19.9% or more in relation to the Shares on issue following closing of the Offers,
except to the extent permitted by law.

For personal use only

The potential interests of the Underwriter (assuming the Underwriter subscribed in its own
right) and each substantial Shareholder prior to the Record Date, assuming different scenarios
under the Offers, are shown in the table below.

5.7

Name

%
of
total
Shares before
the Offers

% of total Shares after the Offers
100% take
up

75%
up

take

50%
up

take

0% take up

Mahe Capital

0%

0%

0%

0%

10.31%

Nova
Minerals
Limited

17.39%

17.39%

18.31%

19.33%

19.50%

Notes:
1.
2.

3.

This table assumes that no Options are exercised prior to the issue of New Securities under the Offers.
The level of take up in this table assumes that all Eligible Shareholder accept their Entitlements at the
different levels shown (e.g. a “50% take up” assumes all Eligible Shareholders accept 50% of their
Entitlements, and the Underwriter completes the issue to the Underwritten Amount).
The Underwriter is entitled to be issued New Shares if it exercises its right to subscribe for scrip in
consideration of the underwriting and lead manager fees. The maximum number of New Shares to be
issued have not been included in the percentage calculations above. However, the Underwriter has agreed
that it will not subscribe for additional New Shares where it will obtain voting power of 19.9% or more.

If all of the Eligible Shareholders under the Entitlement Offer accept their Entitlements in full
then the Entitlement Offer will not have any effect on the control of the Company. In this case,
Eligible Shareholders will maintain their percentage shareholding interest in the Company
(subject to the Underwriter’s right to subscribe for New Securities in consideration for certain
fees payable under the Underwriting Agreement as set out in section 8.3).
(c)

Mitigating control effects
In order to mitigate the potential contract effects of the underwriting commitment, the Company
has included alongside the Entitlement Offer, a Shortfall Offer pursuant to section 8.6 of this
Prospectus and a shortfall allocation strategy.
Unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Underwriter, if there is a shortfall, the
Company will allocate Shortfall Securities according to the following priority:
(i)

Shortfall Securities may be allocated to any Eligible Shareholders, at the absolute
discretion of the Directors in consultation with the Underwriter.

(ii)

If following the allocation in paragraph (i), there remains a Shortfall, those
unallocated Shortfall Shares will then be allocated to the Underwriter in accordance
with the Underwriting Agreement.

Shortfall Securities will not be offered or issued to any Applicant if, in the view of the Directors,
to do so would increase that Applicant's voting power in the Company above 19.9% or
otherwise result in a breach of the Listing Rules, the Corporations Act or any other applicable
law.
For the purposes of Listing Rule 7.7.1(c), the Company has appointed the Underwriter to
arrange for the sale of the renounceable entitlements that would have been given to Ineligible
Shareholders and to account to them for the net proceeds of the sale. The Company has not
appointed a nominee in accordance with section 615 of the Corporations Act, as no person
will acquire a relevant interest in 20% or more of the Company’s Shares as a result of the
Offers. For further information please refer to Section 8.8.

Dilution
Shareholders who do not participate in the Entitlement Offer will have their holdings diluted. Following
is a table which sets out the dilutionary effect, assuming the full amount is raised and no further Shares
are issued or Options exercised:

Holding following the Entitlement
Offer if no Entitlement taken up

Holding at Record Date

For personal use only

Holder

Number

%

Entitlement

Number

%

1

543,890

0.1

135,972

543,890

0.08%

2

5,438,897

1

1,359,724

5,438,897

0.80%

3

54,388,972

10

13,597,243

54,388,972

8.00%

4

543,889,723

100

135,972,431

543,889,723

80.00%

For personal use only

6.

6.2

RISK FACTORS
This section identifies the major risks the Board has identified regarding an investment in the Company.
The Company’s business is subject to risk factors, both specific to its business activities, and risks of a
general nature. Individually, or in combination, these might affect the future operating performance of
the Company and the value of an investment in the Company. There can be no guarantee that the
Company will achieve its stated objectives or that any forward looking statements will be achieved. An
investment in the Company should be considered in light of relevant risks, both general and specific.
Each of the risks set out below could, if it eventuates, have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
prospects, and the market price of the Shares.
The following is not intended to be an exhaustive list of the risk factors to which the Company is exposed.
Before deciding to invest in the Company, potential investors should:
(a)

read the entire Prospectus;

(b)

consider the assumptions underlying any forward looking statements;

(c)

review these factors in light of their personal circumstances; and

(d)

seek professional advice from their accountant, stockbroker, lawyer or other professional
adviser before deciding whether to invest.

Risk specific to the Offer
(a)

Assessment of stamp duty
Following the acquisition of Cascade Resources Limited in 2017 (Acquisition), the Company
paid stamp duty in accordance with the Duties Act 2008 (WA). Subsequently, the Office of
State Revenue (OSR) has given notice to the Company that it had reassessed the value of
the Acquisition and advised the Company that, in the view of the OSR, additional duty and
penalties may be payable on the Acquisition.
The Company has questioned this reassessment and, following submissions to the
Commissioner, a new designated valuation of the transaction is being undertaken. The
ultimate duty payable will be dependent on the value provided under this new valuation and
on acceptance of that value by the OSR which may result in the payment of additional duty
(and associated penalties) on the Acquisition, at a level to be determined.
There is a risk that the Company’s liability for stamp duty may be higher than the amount paid
to date and if this is the case, it may be necessary for the Company to raise additional funding
to meet this liability. There is no guarantee such funds will be able to be raised and if so on
what terms.

(b)

COVID-19 risk
In December 2019, a strain of coronavirus (COVID-19) was identified in Wuhan, China. On 11
March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The outbreak of
COVID-19 has resulted in the implementation of governmental measures, including closures,
quarantines and travel bans, intended to control the spread of the virus.
The Directors are constantly monitoring the situation and, as at the date of this Prospectus,
COVID-19 has not had, and is not expected to have, a material adverse effect on the
Company’s exploration activities and financial performance.
However, in the event that the Federal Government or Western Australian Government
implement any increase in containment measures in response to the ongoing pandemic, this
may prevent the Company, and other business partners, from conducting business activities
for periods of time and may impact on the Company’s ability undertake exploration activities
and could cause delays to future work program activities. Such measures taken in response
to COVID-19 may adversely impact the Company’s operations and are likely to be beyond the
control of the Company.
Further, the outbreak of COVID-19 is impacting global economic markets. The nature and
extent of the effect of the outbreak on the performance of the Company remains unknown.
The Company’s share price may be adversely affected in the short to medium term by the
economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19.

(c)

Financial markets risks

For personal use only

Share market conditions may affect the value of the Company's quoted Securities regardless
of the Company's operating performance. Share market conditions may be affected by many
factors including, but not limited to, the following:
(i)

general economic outlook;

(ii)

interest rates and inflation rates;

(iii)

currency fluctuations;

(iv)

commodity price fluctuations;

(v)

changes in investor sentiment toward particular market sectors;

(vi)

the demand for, and supply of, capital; and

(vii)

terrorism or other hostilities.

The market price of Securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject to varied and
unpredictable influences on the market for equities in general, and mining securities in
particular. Neither the Company, nor the Directors warrant the future performance of the
Company or any return on an investment in the Company.
(d)

Mineral Resource estimates
The interpretation of exploration results and Mineral Resource estimates are expressions of
judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry practice. Estimates which were
valid when originally made may alter significantly when new information or techniques become
available. In addition, by their very nature, exploration results and Mineral Resource estimates
are imprecise and depend to some extent on interpretations, which may prove to be
inaccurate. As further information becomes available through additional fieldwork and
analysis, the estimates are likely to change. This may result in alterations to development and
mining plans which may, in turn, adversely affect the Company’s operations.
The inclusion of Mineral Resource estimates should not be regarded as a representation that
these amounts can be economically exploited and investors are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on Mineral Resource estimates, particularly Inferred Mineral Resource estimates, are
highly uncertain.
Mineral Resources that lie solely within the “Inferred” category are in the lowest resource
categorisation under the JORC Code. According to the commentary accompanying the JORC
Code, “the Inferred category is intended to cover situations where a mineral concentration or
occurrence has been identified and limited measurements and sampling completed, but
where the data are insufficient to allow the geological and/or grade continuity to be
confidently interpreted. Commonly, it would be reasonable to expect that the majority of
Inferred Mineral Resources would upgrade to Indicated Mineral Resources with continued
exploration. However, due to the uncertainty of Inferred Mineral Resources, it should not be
assumed that such upgrading will always occur. Confidence in the estimate of Inferred Mineral
Resources is usually not sufficient to allow the results of the application of technical and
economic parameters to be used for detailed planning. For this reason, there is no direct link
from an Inferred Mineral Resource to any category of Ore Reserves. Caution should be
exercised if this category is considered in technical and economic studies.”
Consequently, Mineral Resource estimates are often regularly revised based on actual
production experience or new information and are therefore expected to change. Furthermore,
should Torian encounter mineralisation or formations different from those predicted by past
drilling, sampling and similar examinations, Torian’s Mineral Resource estimates may have to
be adjusted and mining plans, processing and infrastructure may have to be altered in a way
that might adversely affect Torian’s operations. Moreover, a decline in the price of gold,
increases in production costs, decreases in recovery rates or changes in applicable laws and
regulations, including environment, permitting, title or tax regulations, that are adverse to
Torian, may mean the volumes of mineralisation that Torian can feasibly extract may be
significantly lower than the Mineral Resource estimates indicated in this Prospectus.
If it is determined that mining of certain of Torian’s Mineral Resources or any Ore Reserves
derived from them have become uneconomic, this may ultimately lead to a reduction in the

quantity of Torian’s aggregate Mineral Resources being mined, or result in Torian deciding
not to proceed with the project.

For personal use only

If the Company’s actual Mineral Resources are less than current estimates, its prospects,
value, business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely
affected.
(e)

Exploration risk
The mineral mining licenses of the Company are at various stages of exploration, and potential
investors should understand that mineral exploration and development are high-risk
undertakings. There can be no assurance that exploration of these mining licenses, or any
other mining licenses that may be acquired in the future, will result in the discovery of an
economic ore deposit. Even if an apparently viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee
that it can be economically exploited.
The future exploration activities of the Company may be affected by a range of factors
including geological conditions, limitations on activities due to seasonal weather patterns,
unanticipated operational and technical difficulties, industrial and environmental accidents,
native title process, changing government regulations, mill capacity availability and many other
factors beyond the control of the Company.
The success of the Company will also depend upon the Company having access to sufficient
development capital, being able to maintain title to its mining licenses and obtaining all
required approvals for its activities. In the event that exploration programmes prove to be
unsuccessful this could lead to a diminution in the value of the mining licenses, a reduction in
the case reserves of the Company and possible relinquishment of the mining licenses.
The exploration costs of the Company are based on certain assumptions with respect to the
method and timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates and assumptions are
subject to significant uncertainties and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially differ from
these estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the cost
estimates and the underlying assumptions will be realised in practice, which may materially
and adversely affect the Company’s viability.

(f)

Metallurgy
Mineral recoveries are dependent upon the metallurgical process, and by its nature contain
elements of significant risk such as:

(g)

(i)

identifying a metallurgical process through test work to produce a saleable product;

(ii)

developing an economic process route to produce a product; and

(iii)

changes in mineralogy in the deposit can result in inconsistent recovery, affecting
the economic viability of a project.

Operational risks
The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors which are beyond the
control of the Company, including failure to locate or identify mineral deposits, failure to
achieve predicted grades in exploration or mining, operational and technical difficulties
encountered in exploration, difficulties in commissioning or operating plant and equipment or
mechanical failure which may affect extraction costs, adverse weather conditions,
environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages or increases in the
costs of consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment, fire, explosions and other incidents
beyond the control of the Company.
These risks and hazards could also result in damage to, or destruction of, equipment, personal
injury, environmental damage, business interruption and possible legal liability. While the
Company currently intends to maintain insurance within ranges of coverage consistent with
industry practice, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to obtain such
insurance coverage at reasonable rates (or at all), or that any coverage it obtains will be
adequate and available to cover any such claims.

(h)

Fluctuations in gold prices

For personal use only

The price of gold and other minerals fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors
beyond the control of the Company such as industrial and retail supply and demand, exchange
rates, inflation rates, changes in global economies, confidence in the global monetary system,
forward sales of metals by producers and speculators as well as other global or regional
political, social or economic events. Future serious price declines in the market value of gold
could cause the continued development of, and eventually the commercial production from,
the Company’s projects and the Company’s other properties to be rendered uneconomic.
Depending on the price of gold the Company could be forced to discontinue production or
development and may lose its interest in, or may be forced to sell, some of its properties.
There is no assurance that, even as commercial quantities of gold is produced, a profitable
market will exist for it.
In addition to adversely affecting the reserve estimates of the Company and its financial
condition, declining commodity prices can impact operations by requiring a reassessment of
the feasibility of a particular project. Such a reassessment may be the result of a management
decision or may be required under financing arrangements related to a particular project.
Even if a project is ultimately determined to be economically viable, the need to conduct such
a reassessment may cause substantial delays or may interrupt operations until the
reassessment can be completed.
(i)

Native Title
The mining tenements in which the Company holds, or intends to acquire, an interest extend
over areas in which legitimate native title rights of indigenous Australians exist. The ability of
the Company to gain access to some or all of the mining tenements and to conduct exploration
development and mining operations remains subject to native title rights and the terms of
registered native title agreements.
The right to negotiate process under Native Title matters can result in significant delays to the
implementation of any project or stall it. Negotiated native title agreements may adversely
impact on the economics of projects depending on the nature of any commercial terms agreed.

(j)

Aboriginal Heritage
The Company must comply with Aboriginal heritage legislation requirements which include
the requirement to conduct heritage survey work prior to the commencement of operations.
The Company is aware of various areas of indigenous significance and Aboriginal heritage
sites of considerable cultural value both to the local indigenous communities and the broader
community generally. These heritage sites require the Company to comply with the Aboriginal
Heritage Act in respect of any ground disturbing activities. Prior to commencing significant
ground disturbing activities, including mining, the Company will need to consult with local
traditional owners regarding the likely impact that the proposed activities may have on such
areas.
There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to deal with the above issues in a
satisfactory or timely manner and accordingly such issues may increase the proposed time
periods for the conduct of the Company's proposed activities and also limit the Company's
ability to conduct its proposed activities on the tenements including ultimately commencing
mining operations.

(k)

Tenement title
Interests in tenements in Western Australia are governed by legislation and are evidenced by
the granting of licences. Each licence is granted for a specific term and carries with it annual
expenditure and reporting commitments, as well as other conditions requiring compliance.
Consequently, the Company could lose title to, or its interest in, the Tenement if licence
conditions are not met or if insufficient funds are available to meet expenditure commitments
as and when they arise.
The tenements (including tenements in which the Company may acquire an interest in the
future), will be subject to applications for renewal or exemption from expenditure (as the case
may be). The renewal or exemption from expenditure for a tenement is usually determined at
the discretion of the relevant government authority.

If a tenement is not renewed or granted an exemption from expenditure, the Company may
suffer damage through loss of opportunity to develop and discover minerals on that tenement.

For personal use only

(l)

Environmental
Exploration and mining activities on tenements are subject to laws and regulations regarding
environmental impact matters and the discharge or emission of wastes and materials to the
environment. As with all mineral projects, the Company's activities on the Tenement are
expected to have a variety of environmental impacts. The Company's activities on the
Tenement will be subject to the satisfaction of environmental guidelines and requisite
approvals from applicable government authorities.
The Company intends to conduct its activities in an environmentally responsible manner and
in accordance with all applicable laws but may still be subject to accidents or other unforeseen
events which may compromise its environmental performance and which may have adverse
financial implications for the Company.
In addition, the cost and complexity of complying with the applicable environmental laws and
regulations may prevent the Company from being able to develop potentially economically
viable mineral deposits.
Environmental matters applicable to the Company’s tenements are within the remit of
Commonwealth (and potentially State) authorities, including under legislation in the form of
the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Cth) (EPBC Act). The
Company will need to seek pre-approval on environmental matters for any mining operations
and the Environmental Protection Authority will, among other things, assess the impact of
proposed activities on flora and fauna and matters of national environmental significance
under the EPBC Act as part of an accredited assessment. The Company understands that the
Company’s tenements area is likely to contain matters of national environmental significance
including threatened and endangered fauna.
The assessment process under the EPBC Act requires approval of the Commonwealth (and
potentially State) authorities and there is no fixed time for the process to complete. Significant
delays in the process can potentially have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, financial condition and operations and affect the Company’s ability to pursue the
projects. In addition, there is no guarantee that the assessments undertaken by these
authorities will be favourable or the approvals sought will be granted. Failure to obtain such
approvals will prevent the Company from undertaking its desired activities and this will have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and operations.
Future legislation and regulations governing mineral exploration and production may impose
significant environmental obligations on the Company. The Company is unable to predict the
effect of additional environmental laws and regulations, which may be adopted in the future,
including whether any such laws or regulations would materially increase the Company’s cost
of doing business or affect its operations in any area. There can be no assurances that new
environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies, once implemented, will not
oblige the Company to incur significant expenses and undertake significant investments in
such respect which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

(m)

Future capital needs
Additional funding may be required in the event costs exceed the Company’s estimates and
to effectively implement its business and operational plans in the future to take advantage of
opportunities for acquisition, joint ventures or other business opportunities, and to meet any
unanticipated liabilities or expenses which the Company may incur. If such events occur,
additional funding will be required.
The Company may seek to raise further funds through equity or debt financing, joint ventures,
licensing arrangements, or other means. Failure to obtain sufficient financing for the
Company’s activities and future projects may result in delay and indefinite postponement of
the Company’s activities and potential development programs. There can be no assurance
that additional finance will be available when needed or, if available, the terms of the financing
may not be favourable to the Company and might involve substantial dilution to shareholders.

(n)

Reliance on key personnel and ability to recruit additional personnel

For personal use only

6.3

The Company’s future depends, in part, on its ability to attract and retain key personnel. It
may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation levels consistent with its
existing compensation and salary structure. Its future also depends on the continued
contributions of its executive management team and other key management and technical
personnel, the loss of whose services would be difficult to replace. In addition, the inability to
continue to attract appropriately qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s business.

General Investment Risks
(a)

Economic and government risks
The future viability of the Company is also dependent on a number of other factors affecting
performance of all industries and not just the mining industry including, but not limited to, the
following:

(b)

(i)

general economic conditions in jurisdictions in which the Company operates;

(ii)

changes in government policies, taxation and other laws in jurisdictions in which the
Company operates;

(iii)

the interpretation of taxation laws by the relevant taxation authority differing from the
Company's interpretation;

(iv)

the strength of the equity and share markets in Australia and throughout the world,
and in particular investor sentiment towards the mining industry;

(v)

movement in, or outlook on, exchange rates, interest rates and inflation rates in
jurisdictions in which the Company operates; and

(vi)

natural disasters, industrial disputes, social upheaval or war in jurisdictions in which
the Company operates

Risk of litigation, claims and disputes
The Company is exposed to the risk of actual or threatened litigation or legal disputes in the
form of claims by joint venture partners, personal injury and property damage claims,
environmental and indemnity claims, employee claims and other litigation and disputes. There
is a risk that such litigation, claims and disputes could materially and adversely affect the
Company's operating and financial performance due to the cost of defending and/or settling
such claims, and could affect the Company's reputation.

(c)

Management of risk
There is a risk that management of the Company will not be able to implement the Company’s
growth strategy after completion of the Offer. The capacity of management to properly
implement and manage the strategic direction of the Company may affect the Company’s
financial performance.

(d)

Investment risk
An investment in the Shares to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus should be considered
speculative. They carry no guarantee as to payment of dividends, return of capital or the
market value of the Shares. The prices at which an investor may be able to trade the Shares
may be above or below the price paid for the Shares. Prospective investors must make their
own assessment of the likely risks and determine whether an investment in the Company is
appropriate to their own circumstances.

(e)

Share market
There are general risks associated with an investment and the share market. The price of the
Company's securities on the ASX may rise and fall depending on a range of factors beyond
the Company's control and which are unrelated to the Company's financial performance.
These factors may include movements on international stock markets, interest rates and
exchange rates, together with domestic and international economic conditions, inflation rates,
investor perceptions, changes in government policy, commodity supply and demand,
government taxation and royalties, war, global hostilities and acts of terrorism.

For personal use only

6.4

Investment speculative
The above list of risk factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the risks faced by the Company
or by investors in the Company. The above factors, and others not specifically referred to above, may in
the future materially affect the financial performance of the Company and the value of the Shares
offered under this Prospectus. Therefore, the Shares to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus carry no
guarantee with respect to the payment of dividends, returns of capital or the market value of those
Shares. Potential investors should consider that the investment in the Company is speculative and
should consult their professional adviser before deciding whether to apply for Shares pursuant to this
Prospectus.

7.

ACTIONS REQUIRED BY ELIGIBLE SHAREHOLDERS

7.1

What you may do

For personal use only

As an Eligible Shareholder, you may:

7.2

7.3

7.4

7.5

(a)

subscribe for all or part of your Entitlement (see Section 7.2);

(b)

subscribe for all of your Entitlement and apply for Shortfall Securities (see Section 7.3);

(c)

sell all of your Entitlement (see Section 7.4);

(d)

take up part of your Entitlement and sell the balance (see Section 7.5);

(e)

take up part of your Entitlement and transfer the balance other than on ASX (see Section 7.6);
or

(f)

allow all or part of your Entitlement to lapse (see Section 7.7).

Subscribe for all or part of your Entitlement
Applicants should read this Prospectus in its entirety in order to make an informed decision on the
prospects of the Company and the rights attaching to the New Shares and attaching New Options
offered by this Prospectus before deciding to apply for New Shares and New Options. If you do not
understand this Prospectus you should consult your stockbroker, accountant or other professional
adviser in order to satisfy yourself as to the contents of this Prospectus.
If you wish to subscribe for all or part of your Entitlement, complete the accompanying Entitlement and
Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions set out on that form. The Entitlement and
Acceptance Form sets out the number of New Shares and attaching New Options you are entitled to
subscribe for.

Subscribe for all of your Entitlement and apply for Shortfall Securities
Eligible Shareholders who take up their Entitlement in full may, in addition to their Entitlement, apply for
Shortfall Securities regardless of the size of their present holding by completing the accompanying
Entitlement and Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions set out on that form. See section
8.6 for details of the manner in which Shortfall Securities will be allocated.
A cheque, bank draft or money order should be used for the application money for your Entitlement and
the number of Shortfall Securities you wish to apply for as stated on the Entitlement and Acceptance
Form.
Alternatively, if you are paying by BPAY®, refer to your personalised instructions on your Entitlement
and Acceptance Form. Shareholders who wish to pay by BPAY® must ensure that payment is received
by no later than 5.00pm (Perth time) on 28 July 2020.
Any refund of application monies will be returned to Applicants as soon as practicable following the
issue of all Shortfall Securities.

Sell all of your Entitlement
Refer to the section within the box on the front of the Entitlement and Acceptance Form (which
accompanies this Prospectus) regarding the full or partial sale of your Entitlement through your
stockbroker and follow those instructions as soon as possible.
Rights trading will commence (on a deferred settlement basis) on ASX on 9 July 2020. Sale of your
Rights must be completed by 21 July 2020 when Rights trading is expected to cease.

Take up part of your Entitlement and sell the balance on ASX
Please complete the Entitlement and Acceptance Form, which accompanies this Prospectus, by
inserting the number of New Shares for which you wish to accept (being less than as specified on the
Entitlement and Acceptance Form) and follow the instructions on the front of the form within the box
relating to selling your shares via your stockbroker.
Cash will not be accepted and no receipts will be issued.
Rights trading will commence (on a deferred settlement basis) on ASX on 9 July 2020. Sale of your
Rights must be completed by 21 July 2020 when Rights trading is expected to cease.

For personal use only

7.6

7.7

7.8

Take up part of your Entitlement and transfer the balance other than on ASX
If you are a Shareholder and hold Existing Shares on the issuer sponsored sub-register, forward a
completed renunciation form (obtainable through your stockbroker or the Share Registry) together with
your personalised Entitlement and Acceptance Form completed by the transferee together with a
cheque for the appropriate application money to reach the Company’s share registry (at the postal
address shown below), by 5.00pm (Perth time) on 28 July 2020.
If you are a Shareholder and hold Existing Shares registered on CHESS, you should contact your
sponsoring broker.
Cash will not be accepted and no receipts will be issued.

Allow all or part of your Entitlement to lapse
If you are an Eligible Shareholder and do not wish to accept all or part of your Entitlement, you are not
obliged to do anything.
If you take no action, your Entitlement will lapse. You will receive no benefit or New Securities and your
Entitlement will become Shortfall Securities.
The number of Existing Shares you hold as at the Record Date and the rights attached to those Existing
Shares will not be affected if you choose not to accept any of your Entitlement.

Payment methods
BPAY®
If you are paying by BPAY®, refer to your personalised instructions on your Entitlement and Acceptance
Form. Shareholders who wish to pay by BPAY® do not need to complete and return the Entitlement
and Acceptance Form; however must ensure that payment is received by no later than 5.00pm (Perth
time) on the Closing Date.
You should be aware that your own financial institution may implement earlier cut-off times with regard
to electronic payment, and you should therefore take this into consideration when making payment. It
is your responsibility to ensure that funds submitted through BPAY® are received by 5.00pm (Perth
time) on the Closing Date.
If you have more than one shareholding and consequently receive more than one Entitlement and
Acceptance Form, when taking up your Entitlement in respect of one of those shareholdings only use
the Customer Reference Number specific to that shareholding as set out in the applicable Entitlement
and Acceptance Form. Do not use the same Customer Reference Number for more than one of your
shareholdings. This can result in your application monies being applied to your Entitlement in respect
of only one of your shareholdings (with the result that any application in respect of your remaining
shareholdings will not be recognised as valid).
The Company shall not be responsible for any postal or delivery delays or delay in the receipt of the
BPAY® payment.
Cheque, bank draft or money order
Alternatively, if you are paying by cheque, bank draft or money order, the completed Entitlement and
Acceptance Form must be accompanied by a cheque, bank draft or money order made payable to
‘Torian Resources Limited’ and crossed ‘Not Negotiable’ for the appropriate application money in
Australian dollars calculated at $0.016 per New Share accepted. Your cheque, bank draft or money
order must be paid in Australian currency and be drawn on an Australian branch of an Australian
financial institution. The Company will present the cheque or bank draft on the day of receipt of the
Entitlement and Acceptance Form. You must ensure that your cheque account has sufficient funds to
cover your payment, as your cheque will be presented for payment on receipt. If your bank dishonours
your cheque your application will be rejected. Dishonoured cheques will not be represented.
If the amount of your cheque(s), bank draft(s) or money order(s) for application money (or the amount
for which those cheque(s) or bank draft(s) clear in time for allocation) is insufficient to pay for the number
of New Shares and New Options you have applied for in your Entitlement and Acceptance Form, you
may be taken to have applied for such lower number of New Shares and New Options as your cleared
application money will pay for or your Application may be rejected.

The Entitlement and Acceptance Form must be received by the Company via their Share Registry at
the following addresses by no later than 5.00pm (Perth time) on the Closing Date:

For personal use only

By Post To:

7.9

Torian Resources Limited
c/o Advanced Share Registry Limited
PO Box 1156
Nedlands WA 6909

Entitlement and Acceptance Form is binding
Receipt of a completed and lodged Entitlement and Acceptance Form together with a cheque, bank
draft or money order for the application monies, or by making a payment in respect of an Application by
BPAY®, constitutes a binding offer to acquire New Securities on the terms and conditions set out in this
Prospectus and, once lodged, cannot be withdrawn.
By completing and returning your Entitlement and Acceptance Form with the requisite application
monies, or by making a payment in respect of an Application by BPAY®, you will be deemed to have
represented that you are an Eligible Shareholder. In addition, you will also be deemed to have
represented and warranted on behalf of yourself or each person on whose account you are acting that
the law in your place of residence and/or where you have been given the Prospectus, does not prohibit
you from being given the Prospectus and that you:
(a)

acknowledge that you have fully read and understood both this Prospectus (particularly the
risks set out in Section 6) and your Entitlement and Acceptance Form in their entirety and you
acknowledge the matters and make the warranties and representations and agreements
contained in this Prospectus and the Entitlement and Acceptance Form;

(b)

agree to be bound by the terms of the Entitlement Offer;

(c)

authorise the Company to register you as the holder(s) of New Securities issued to you;

(d)

declare that all details and statements in the Entitlement and Acceptance Form are complete
and accurate;

(e)

declare that you were the registered holder(s) at the Record Date of the Shares indicated on
the Entitlement and Acceptance Form as being held by you on the Record Date;

(f)

declare that you are over 18 years of age and have full legal capacity and power to perform
all your rights and obligations under the Entitlement and Acceptance Form;

(g)

authorise the Company and its respective officers or agents, to do anything on your behalf
necessary for the New Shares to be issued to you, including to act on instructions of the
Company’s share registry upon using the contact details set out in the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form;

(h)

declare that you are the current registered holder of Shares and are an Australian, New
Zealand or Singaporean resident, and you are not in the United States or a US Person, or
acting for the account or benefit of a US Person;

(i)

agree to provide (and direct your nominee or custodian to provide) any requested
substantiation of your eligibility to participate in the Entitlement Offer and of your holding of
Shares on the Record Date;

(j)

acknowledge that the information contained in, or accompanying, the Prospectus is not
investment or financial product advice or a recommendation that New Shares are suitable for
you given your investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs;

(k)

acknowledge that the New Securities have not, and will not be, registered under the securities
laws in any other jurisdictions outside Australia, New Zealand and Singapore and accordingly,
the New Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except in accordance
with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration
requirements of applicable securities laws in particular the US Securities Act;

(l)

if you (or any person for whom you are acquiring the securities) are in Singapore, you (and
any such person):

For personal use only

(i)

are an "institutional investor" or an "accredited investor" (as such terms are defined
in the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore ("SFA"));

(ii)

will acquire the securities in accordance with applicable provisions of the SFA; and

(iii)

acknowledge that the offer of the securities is subject to the restrictions (including
selling restrictions) set out in the SFA;

(m)

acknowledge that the Entitlement and Acceptance Form does not need to be signed to be a
valid application. An Application will be deemed to have been accepted by the Company upon
the issue of the New Securities; and

(n)

understand that if the Entitlement and Acceptance Form is not completed correctly or if the
accompanying payment of the application monies is for the wrong amount, it may still be
treated as a valid application for New Securities. The Directors’ decision whether to treat an
acceptance as valid and how to construe, amend or complete the Entitlement and Acceptance
Form is final. However, an Applicant will not be treated as having applied for more New
Securities than is indicated by the amount of the application monies received by the Company.

DETAILS OF THE OFFERS

8.1

Securities offered for subscription

For personal use only

8.

8.2

8.3

The Company is undertaking a partially underwritten renounceable pro rata offer to Eligible
Shareholders on the basis of 1 New Share for every 4 Existing Shares held as at the Record Date at a
price of $0.016 per New Share, with 1 New Option for every 2 New Shares subscribed for, to raise up
to approximately $2.2 million before issue costs. Fractional entitlements will be rounded up to the
nearest whole number.
The Entitlement Offer is only open to Eligible Shareholders. The Company reserves the right to reject
any application that it believes comes from a person who is not an Eligible Shareholder.
Details of how to apply for New Securities are set out at Section 7.
All New Shares offered under this Prospectus will rank equally with Existing Shares. The rights and
liabilities of the New Shares offered under this Prospectus are summarised in Section 9.1. The rights
and liabilities of the New Options offered under this Prospectus are summarised in Section 9.2

Acceptances
The Entitlement Offer may be accepted in whole or in part prior to the Closing Date subject to the rights
of the Company to extend the Offer Period or close the Entitlement Offer early.
Instructions for accepting your Entitlement are set out in Section 7 and on the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form which accompanies this Prospectus.

Lead Manager and Underwriting arrangements
On 22 June 2020, the Company entered into a mandate with Mahe Capital for Mahe Capital to act as
lead manager and underwriter to the Entitlement Offer and Shortfall Offer on certain terms and
conditions (Capital Raising Mandate), subject to the Company entering into an underwriting
agreement.
On 6 July 2020, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Mahe Capital (Underwriter)
for the Underwriter to underwrite the subscription of the Underwritten Securities up to an aggregate
value of approximately $1 million on certain terms and conditions (Underwriting Agreement).
The terms and conditions set out in the Capital Raising Mandate have been reflected in the Underwriting
Agreement.
Unless otherwise defined, capitalised terms below have the meaning given to that term in the
Underwriting Agreement.
The terms of the Underwriting Agreement are standard commercial terms for a transaction of this type,
with the material terms summarised below:
(a)

(Conditions Precedent) the Underwriting Agreement is subject to and conditional upon the
Underwriter being satisfied with the Due Diligence Program and Due Diligence Results which
are ongoing until the time of settlement of the Underwritten Securities;

(b)

(Fees payable to Underwriter) The Underwriter will be paid the following fees:
(i)

2 New Options for every $1 raised under the Entitlement and Shortfall Offer;

(ii)

$60,000 and the right for the Underwriter (or its nomine) to subscribe for scrip in
fulfilment of that fee;

(iii)

1% of the total amount raised under the Entitlement Offer and Shortfall Offer and the
right for the Underwriter (or its nominee) to subscribe for scrip in fulfilment of that
fee;

(iv)

5% of the Underwritten Amount; and

(v)

up to 5% of any shortfall securities placed beyond the Underwritten Amount,

The Company will also be required to reimburse the Underwriter for other costs and expenses
of and incidental to the Entitlement Offer, including, disbursements, accommodation and travel
expenses, to a limit of $1,500.

For personal use only

(c)

(Determination of Allocation) the Underwriter has the sole right to determine the allocation
of shortfall, including any applications by shareholders for additional shares;

(d)

(Sub-underwriters) the Underwriter may at any time appoint sub-underwriters to subunderwrite the Offer;

(e)

(Share Limit) the Underwriter must ensure that no person, unless disclosed in this
Prospectus, will acquire, through participation in sub-underwriting the Offer, a holding of
Shares of, or increase their holding, to an amount in excess of 19.9% of all the Shares on
issue on completion of the Offer;

(f)

(Company obligations) the Company has several standard obligations in relation to the
Underwriting Agreement including:

(g)

(i)

ensuring that this Prospectus and the Offer comply with the Corporations Act and
the Listing Rules;

(ii)

conducting the Due Diligence Program until the Underwritten Securities are issued
and maintain Due Diligence Program files; and

(iii)

requesting the Underwriter’s approval in relation to lodgement of this Prospectus,
announcements as to the success or otherwise of the Offer; and

(Termination) the Underwriting Agreement contains customary termination events, including
where;
(i)

the Conditions Precedent at 1.1(a)(i) is not satisfied; or

(ii)

if at any time before completion of the Offer any of the below termination events
occur:
(A)

(Indices fall) the S&P ASX 200 Index is at any time after the date of the
Underwriting Agreement 7% or more below its respective level as at the
close of business on the business day prior to the date of the Underwriting
Agreement;

(B)

(Commodities) the price of COMEX gold or NYMEX WTI crude is at any
time after the date of the Underwriting Agreement 7% or more below its
respective level as at the close of business on the business day prior to
the date of the Underwriting Agreement;

(C)

(Price) the Price is greater than the volume weighted average price of
Shares calculated over three trading days after the date of the
Underwriting Agreement;

(D)

(Misleading Announcement) it transpires that the Company has made a
statement via the ASX that is misleading or deceptive or likely to mislead
or deceive;

(E)

(Adverse change) an event occurs which gives rise to a Material Adverse
Effect or any adverse change or any development including a prospective
adverse change after the date of the Underwriting Agreement in the
assets, liabilities, financial position, trading results, profits, forecasts,
losses, prospects, business or operations of any Relevant Company
including, without limitation, if any forecast in this Prospectus becomes
incapable of being met or in the Underwriter's reasonable opinion, unlikely
to be met in the projected time;

(F)

(Board and senior management composition) there is a change in the
composition of the Board or a change in the senior management of the
Company before the date of the issue of the Underwritten Securities
without the prior written consent of the Underwriter, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld;

(G)

(Change in shareholdings) there is a material change in the major or
controlling shareholdings of a Relevant Company (other than as a result
of the Offer or a matter disclosed in this Prospectus) or a takeover offer or

scheme of arrangement pursuant to Chapter 5 or 6 of the Corporations Act
is publicly announced in relation to a Relevant Company; or

For personal use only

(H)

8.4

8.5

8.6

(Market Conditions) a suspension or material limitation in trading
generally on ASX occurs or any material adverse change or disruption
occurs in the existing financial markets, political or economic conditions of
Australia, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States of America or
other international financial markets.

In the event the Underwriting Agreement is terminated, the Underwriter will receive $30,000
as the termination fee, unless the termination is due to termination events at 8.3(g)(ii)(A) or
8.3(g)(ii)(B)above, in which case the termination fee is $10,000.
The Underwriting Agreement also contains a number of indemnities, representations and warranties
from the Company to the Underwriter that are considered customary and usual for an agreement of its
type.

Cleansing prospectus
As announced to ASX on 2 July 2020, Nova elected for an early conversion of its Convertible Notes
(including any accrued interest) at a conversion price of 0.45 cents per Share, with 94,605,000 Shares
issued on 6 July 2020. In addition, the Company issued Shares to Paul Summers and Angus Middleton
in lieu of director fees as approved by Shareholders at the Company’s recent annual general meeting
and Options to sophisticated and professional investors. These Shares and Options were issued without
disclosure under Part 6D of the Corporations Act.
Generally, section 707(3) of the Corporations Act requires that a prospectus is issued in order for a
person to whom securities were issued without disclosure under Part 6D of the Corporations Act to onsell those securities within 12 months of the date of their issue.
Section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act provides an exemption from this general requirement where:
(a)

the relevant securities are in a class of securities of the company that are already quoted on
ASX;

(b)

a prospectus is lodged with ASIC either:

(c)

(i)

on or after the day on which the relevant securities were issued; or

(ii)

before the day on which the relevant securities are issued and offers of securities
that have been made under the prospectus are still open for acceptance on the day
on which the relevant securities were issued; and

the prospectus is for an offer of securities issued by the company that are in the same class
of securities as the relevant securities.

A secondary purpose of this Prospectus is to comply with section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act so
that the holders of Shares and Options issued without disclosure can, if they choose to, sell those
Shares within the next twelve months without disclosure.
The issue of the Shares and Options was not undertaken by the Company with the purpose of selling
or transferring. However, the Directors consider that the holders should be able to sell those Shares
and Options should they wish to do so, without being required to issue a prospectus

Entitlement to Offer
The Offer is made to Eligible Shareholders, who are those Shareholders that:
(a)

are the registered holder of Shares as at 5.00pm (Perth time) on the Record Date; and

(b)

have a registered address in Australia, New Zealand or Singapore.

Shortfall
Any New Securities not applied for under the Entitlement Offer will become Shortfall Securities. The
Directors reserve the right to issue any Shortfall Securities at their discretion within 3 months after the
Closing Date (Shortfall Offer).
The Shortfall Offer is, to the extent it is made in Australia, made under this Prospectus. To the extent
the Shortfall Offer is made outside Australia, the Shortfall Offer is made without disclosure, a prospectus,

For personal use only

lodgement, filing or registration, or other requirements of any applicable securities law, and only in
circumstances where it is lawful to do so (such as to institutional or sophisticated investors).

8.7

Eligible Shareholders may apply for Shortfall Securities by completing the accompanying Entitlement
and Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions set out on that form. Other investors who are
not Eligible Shareholders may apply for Shortfall Securities using the Shortfall Application Form
attached to this Prospectus. Persons outside Australia doing so represent to the Company that they can
apply for Shortfall Securities in circumstances which do not require the offer for Shortfall Securities or
this Prospectus to be registered.
It is possible that there may be no Shortfall Securities available for issue.
Subject to the above, the Directors, together with the Underwriter, reserve the right at their absolute
discretion and subject to the Corporations Act and Listing Rules, to:
(a)

issue Shortfall Securities at their discretion by applying a policy of allocating Shortfall
Securities in a manner that is in the Company’s best interests; and

(b)

to reject any application for Shortfall Securities or to issue a lesser number of Shortfall
Securities than that applied for.

No Shortfall Securities will be issued to an applicant under this Prospectus if the issue of Shortfall
Securities would contravene the takeover prohibition in section 606 of the Corporations Act.
It is an express term of the Shortfall Offer that applicants for Shortfall Securities will be bound to accept
a lesser number of Shortfall Securities allocated to them than applied for. If a lesser number is allocated,
excess application money will be refunded without interest as soon as practicable after the closing date
of the Shortfall Offer being 28 October 2020.

Applicants outside of Australia
(a)

General
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of New Securities in any jurisdiction where, or to
any person to whom, it would not be lawful to issue the Prospectus or make the Offers.
It is the responsibility of any Applicant who is resident outside Australia to ensure compliance
with all laws of any country relevant to their Application, and any such Applicant should consult
their professional adviser as to whether any government or other consents are required, or
whether any formalities need to be observed to enable them to apply for and be issued New
Securities. Return of a duly completed Entitlement and Acceptance Form will constitute a
representation and warranty by an Applicant that there has not been any breach of such
regulations.
The Company has not taken any action to register or qualify the New Securities or an Offer,
or otherwise to permit a public offering of the New Securities, in any jurisdiction outside
Australia.

(b)

New Zealand resident Eligible Shareholders
The New Securities offered under the Entitlement Offer pursuant to this Prospectus are not
being offered or sold to the public within New Zealand other than to Eligible Shareholders with
registered addresses in New Zealand and to whom the Entitlement Offer is being made in
reliance on the Securities Act (Overseas Companies) Exemption Notice 2013 (New Zealand).
This Prospectus has not been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand
regulatory authority under the Securities Act 1978 (New Zealand).
This Prospectus is not an investment statement or prospectus under New Zealand law and is
not required to, and may not, contain all the information that an investment statement or
prospectus under New Zealand law is required to contain.

(c)

Other overseas resident Shareholders
Each Offer does not, and is not intended to, constitute an offer in any place or jurisdiction in
which, or to any person to whom, it would not be lawful to make such an offer or to issue this
Prospectus. In particular, this document may not be distributed to any person, and the
Securities may not be offer or sold, in any country outside Australia and New Zealand except
to the extent permitted below.

For personal use only

Singapore

8.8

8.9

This Prospectus and any other materials relating to the securities have not been, and will not
be, lodged or registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. Accordingly, this document and any other document or materials in connection
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of Securities, may not be
issued, circulated or distributed, nor may the Securities be offered or sold, or be made the
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons
in Singapore except pursuant to and in accordance with exemptions in Subdivision (4) Division
1, Part XIII of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), or as
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any other applicable
provisions of the SFA.
This document has been given to you on the basis that you are (i) an existing holder of the
Company’s shares, (ii) an "institutional investor" (as defined in the SFA) or (iii) an "accredited
investor" (as defined in the SFA). In the event that you are not an investor falling within any of
the categories set out above, please return this document immediately. You may not forward
or circulate this document to any other person in Singapore.
Any offer is not made to you with a view to the Securities being subsequently offered for sale
to any other party. There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore that may be applicable to
investors who acquire Securities. As such, investors are advised to acquaint themselves with
the SFA provisions relating to resale restrictions in Singapore and comply accordingly.

Treatment of Ineligible Shareholders and sale of Ineligible Shareholders’ Entitlement
Given the small number of Ineligible Shareholders and the cost of complying with applicable regulations
outside Australia, New Zealand and Singapore, the Company has decided that it would be unreasonable
to extend the Entitlement Offer to Ineligible Shareholders. The Prospectus will not be sent to those
Shareholders.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to
whom, it would not be lawful to issue the Prospectus or make the Entitlement Offer. No action has been
taken to register or qualify the New Securities or the Entitlement Offer or otherwise to permit an offering
of the New Securities in any jurisdiction other than as set out in this section.
This document is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States of
America (including its territories and possessions, any state of the US and the District of Columbia).
This document is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States or to, or for the account or
benefit of, US Persons. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under
the US Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or
benefit of, US Persons. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States.
Recipients may not send or otherwise distribute this Prospectus or the Entitlement and Acceptance
Form to any person outside Australia, New Zealand or Singapore (other than to Eligible Shareholders).
For the purposes of Listing Rule 7.7.1(c), the Company has appointed the Underwriter as nominee to
arrange for the sale of the Ineligible Shareholders' Entitlements and to account to them for the net
proceeds of the sale. The Company will then distribute to each of those Ineligible Shareholders their
proportion of the sale net of expenses.
The proceeds of sale (in Australian dollars) will be distributed to the Ineligible Shareholders for whose
benefits the Rights have been sold in proportion to their shareholdings as at the Record Date (after
deducting the costs of the sale). There is no guarantee the Underwriter will be able to sell Ineligible
Shareholders’ Entitlements and if so at what price.

Beneficial holders, nominees, trustees and custodians
The foreign selling restrictions under the Entitlement Offer summarised in section 8.7 of this Prospectus
apply to the underlying beneficial holder. Nominees, trustees and custodians must not apply on behalf
of any beneficial holder that would not itself be an Eligible Shareholder. Shareholders who are
nominees, trustees or custodians are advised to seek independent advice as to how they should
proceed. Shareholders who hold Shares on behalf of persons whose registered address is not in

For personal use only

Australia, New Zealand or Singapore are responsible for ensuring that applying for New Securities does
not breach securities laws in the relevant overseas jurisdictions.

8.10

8.11

Nominees and custodians that hold Shares should note that the Entitlement Offer is available only to
Eligible Shareholders. The Company is not required to determine whether or not any registered holder
is acting as a nominee or the identity or residence of any beneficial owners of securities. If any nominee
or custodian is acting on behalf of a foreign person, that holder, in dealing with its beneficiary, will need
to assess whether indirect participation by the beneficiary in the Entitlement Offer is compatible with
applicable foreign laws.

Allotment and application money
New Securities will be issued only after all application money has been received and ASX has granted
permission for the New Shares to be quoted. It is expected that New Securities will be issued on 3
August 2020 and normal trading of the New Shares and New Options on ASX is expected to commence
on 4 August 2020.
All application monies will be deposited into a separate bank account of the Company and held in trust
for Applicants until the New Securities are issued or application monies returned. Any interest that
accrues will be retained by the Company and will not be paid to Applicants.

Quotation
(a)

New Shares
The Company will apply to ASX within 7 days after the date of this Prospectus for quotation
of the New Shares offered by this Prospectus on ASX. If ASX does not grant permission for
the quotation of the New Shares offered under this Prospectus within 3 months after the date
of this Prospectus, or such longer period as modified by ASIC, none of the New Shares offered
by this Prospectus will be allotted or issued. In these circumstances, all Applications will be
dealt with in accordance with the Corporations Act including the return of all application monies
without interest.
A decision by ASX to grant official quotation of the New Shares is not to be taken in any way
as an indication of ASX's view as to the merits of the Company or of the New Shares.
Quotation, if granted, of the New Shares offered by this Prospectus will commence as soon
as practicable after statements of holdings of the New Shares are dispatched.

(b)

New Options
The Company will apply to ASX within 7 days after the date of this Prospectus for quotation
of the New Options offered by this Prospectus on ASX. If ASX does not grant permission for
the quotation of the New Options offered under this Prospectus within 3 months after the date
of this Prospectus, or such longer period as modified by ASIC, none of the New Options
offered by this Prospectus will be allotted or issued. In these circumstances, all Applications
will be dealt with in accordance with the Corporations Act including the return of all application
monies without interest.
A decision by ASX to grant official quotation of the New Options is not to be taken in any way
as an indication of ASX's view as to the merits of the Company or of the New Options.
Quotation, if granted, of the New Options offered by this Prospectus will commence as soon
as practicable after statements of holdings of the New Options are dispatched.

For personal use only

8.12

8.13

8.14

8.15

Market prices of Existing Shares and Options on ASX
The highest and lowest market sale price of the Existing Shares and listed Options, which are on the
same terms and conditions as the New Shares and New Options being offered under this Prospectus,
during the 3 months immediately preceding the lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC, and the
last market sale price on the date before the lodgement date of this Prospectus, are set out below.
(a)

Shares

Existing
Shares

3 month high

3 month low

Last market sale
price

Price ($)

$0.044

$0.004

$0.02

9 June 2020

24 March 2020

7 July 2020

Existing
listed
Options1

3 month high

3 month low

Last market sale
price

Price ($)

$0.023

$0.005

$0.007

2 June 2020

1 July 2020

7 July 2020

Date
(b)

Options

Date
Note:
1.

The TNRO class of Options were admitted to Official Quotation on ASX on 5 May 2020.

CHESS
The Company participates in the Clearing House Electronic Subregister System (CHESS). CHESS is
operated by ASX Settlement Pty Ltd (ASPL), a wholly owned subsidiary of ASX.
Under CHESS, the Company does not issue certificates to investors. Instead, security holders will
receive a statement of their holdings in the Company, including New Securities issued under this
Prospectus. If an investor is broker sponsored, ASPL will send a CHESS statement.
The CHESS statement will set out the number of New Securities issued under this Prospectus, provide
details of your holder identification number and give the participation identification number of the
sponsor.
If you are registered on the issuer sponsored sub register, your statement will be dispatched by the
Company’s share registrar and will contain the number of New Securities issued to you under this
Prospectus and your security holder reference number.
A CHESS statement or issuer sponsored statement will routinely be sent to Shareholders at the end of
any calendar month during which the balance of their shareholding changes. Shareholders may request
a statement at any other time, however, a charge may be made for additional statements.

Taxation and duty implications
The Directors do not consider that it is appropriate to give Shareholders advice regarding the taxation
consequences of the Company conducting the Offer or Shareholders applying for New Securities under
this Prospectus, as it is not possible to provide a comprehensive summary of the possible taxation
positions of Shareholders. The Company, its advisers and officers, do not accept any responsibility or
liability for any taxation consequences to Shareholders in the Offers. Shareholders should, therefore,
consult their own professional tax adviser in connection with the taxation implications of the Offers.
No brokerage or stamp duty is payable by Applicants in respect of Applications for New Securities under
this Prospectus.

Privacy
The Company collects information about each Applicant provided on an Entitlement and Acceptance
Form for the purposes of processing the Application and, if the Application is successful, to administer
the Applicant’s security holding in the Company.

For personal use only

By submitting an Entitlement and Acceptance Form, each Applicant agrees that the Company may use
the information provided by an Applicant on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form for the purposes set
out in this privacy disclosure statement and may disclose it for those purposes to the Share Registry,
the Company’s related body corporates, agents, contractors and third party service providers, including
mailing houses and professional advisers, and to ASX and regulatory authorities.

8.16

The Corporations Act requires the Company to include information about the Shareholder (including
name, address and details of the Shares held) in its public register. The information contained in the
Company’s public register must remain there even if that person ceases to be a Shareholder.
Information contained in the Company’s register is also used to facilitate distribution payments and
corporate communications (including the Company’s financial results, annual reports and other
information that the Company may wish to communicate to its security holders) and compliance by the
Company with legal and regulatory requirements.
If you do not provide the information required on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form, the Company
may not be able to accept or process your Application. An Applicant has the right to gain access to the
information that the Company holds about that person subject to certain exceptions under law. A fee
may be charged for access. Such requests must be made in writing to the Company’s registered office.

Enquiries
Any queries regarding the Offers or Entitlement and Acceptance Form should be directed to the
Company Secretary on +61 (0)8 9420 8208.
You can also contact your stockbroker or professional adviser with any queries in relation to the
Entitlement Offer.

RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES ATTACHING TO SECURITIES

9.1

Rights and liability attaching to New Shares

For personal use only

9.

A summary of the rights attaching to Shares in the Company is set out below. This summary is qualified
by the full terms of the Constitution (a full copy of the Constitution will be provided by the Company on
request free of charge) and does not purport to be exhaustive or to constitute a definitive statement of
the rights and liabilities of Shareholders. These rights and liabilities can involve complex questions of
law arising from an interaction of the Constitution with statutory and common law requirements. For a
Shareholder to obtain a definitive assessment of the rights and liabilities which attach to Shares in
specific circumstances, the Shareholder should seek legal advice.
(a)

General meeting and notices
Each eligible Shareholder is entitled to receive notice of, and to attend and vote at, general
meetings of the Company and to receive all notices, accounts and other documents required
to be sent to Shareholders under the Constitution, the Corporations Act or the Listing Rules.

(b)

Voting rights
Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of
shares, at general meetings of Shareholders or classes of Shareholders:

(c)

(i)

each eligible Shareholder entitled to vote, may vote in person or by proxy, attorney
or representative;

(ii)

on a show of hands every person present who is an eligible Shareholder or a proxy,
attorney or representative of an eligible Shareholder has one vote; and

(iii)

on a poll, every person present who is an eligible Shareholder or a proxy, attorney
or representative of an eligible Shareholder shall, in respect of each fully paid share
held by him, or in respect of which he is appointed a proxy, attorney or
representative, have one vote per Share, but in respect of partly paid shares shall
have such number of votes as bears the same proportion to the total of such shares
registered in the Shareholder's name as the amount paid (not credited) bears to the
total amounts paid and payable (excluding amounts credited).

Issues of further Shares
The Directors may, on behalf of the Company, issue shares and grant options over or
unissued shares to any person on the terms, with the rights, and at the times that the Directors
decide. However, the Directors must act in accordance with the restrictions imposed by the
Constitution, Listing Rules, the Corporations Act and any rights and restrictions attached to a
class of shares.

(d)

Variation of Rights
Unless otherwise provided by the Constitution or by the terms of issue of a class of shares,
the rights attached to the shares in any class may be varied or cancelled only with the written
consent of the holders of at least three-quarters of the issued shares of the affected class, or
by special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the issued shares of the
affected class.

(e)

Transfer of Shares
Generally, shares in the Company are freely transferable, subject to formal requirements, the
registration of the transfer not resulting in a contravention of or failure to observe the provisions
of a law of Australia and the transfer not being in breach of the Corporations Act or the Listing
Rules.
The Directors may decline to register a transfer of shares (other than a proper transfer in
accordance with the ASX Settlement Operating Rules) where permitted to do so under the
Listing Rules. If the Directors decline to register a transfer, the Company must, within 5
business days after the transfer is delivered to the Company, give the party lodging the transfer
written notice of the refusal and the reason for the refusal.

(f)

Partly paid Shares
The Directors may, subject to compliance with the Constitution, the Corporations Act and
Listing Rules, issue partly paid shares upon which there are outstanding amounts payable.
These shares will have limited rights to vote and to receive dividends.

For personal use only

(g)

Dividend rights
Subject to and in accordance with the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules, the rights of any
preference shares and to the rights of the holders of any shares created or raised under any
special arrangement as to dividend, the Directors may from time to time declare dividend to
be paid to the shareholders entitled to the dividend. Subject to the rights of any preference
shares and to the rights of the holders of any shares created or raised under any special
arrangement as to dividend, the dividend as declared shall be payable on all shares according
to the proportion that the amount paid (not credited) is of the total amounts paid and payable
(excluding amounts credited) in respect of such shares.

(h)

Winding up
Subject to any rights or restrictions attached to a class of Shares, on a winding up of the
Company, any surplus must be divided among the Shareholders in the proportions which the
amount paid (including amounts credited) on the shares of a Shareholders is of the total
amounts paid and payable (including amounts credited) on the shares of all Shareholders.

(i)

Dividend reinvestment and Share plans
Subject to the requirements in the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, the Directors may
implement and maintain dividend reinvestment plans (under which any member may elect that
dividends payable by the Company be reinvested by way of subscription for fully paid shares
in the Company) and any other share plans (under which any member may elect to forego
any dividends that may be payable on all or some of the shares held by that member and to
receive instead some other entitlement, including the issue of fully paid shares).

(j)

Directors
The Constitution states that the minimum number of Directors is three and the maximum
number is nine.

(k)

Powers of the Board
Except as otherwise required by the Corporations Act, any other law, the Listing Rules or the
Constitution, the Directors have the power to manage the business of the Company and may
exercise every right, power or capacity of the Company.

(l)

Share buy backs
Subject to the provisions of the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, the Company may buy
back shares in itself on the terms and at times determined by the Directors.

(m)

Unmarketable parcels
The Company's constitution permits the Board to sell the shares held by a Shareholder if they
comprise less than a marketable parcel within the meaning of ASX Business Rules. The
procedure may only be invoked once in any 12 month period and requires the Company to
give the shareholder notice of the intended sale.
If a Shareholder does not want his shares sold, he may notify the Company accordingly.

(n)

Capitalisation of profits
The Directors may capitalise any profits of the Company and distribute that capital to the
Shareholders, in the same proportions as the Shareholders are entitled to a distribution by
dividend.

(o)

Capital reduction
Subject to the Corporations Act and Listing Rules, the Company may reduce its share capital.

(p)

Preference Shares
The Company may issue preference shares, including preference shares that are liable to be
redeemed. The rights attaching to preference shares are those set out in the Constitution
unless other rights have been approved by special resolution of the Company’s Shareholders.

For personal use only

9.2

Rights and liability attaching to New Options
The terms and conditions of the New Options are as follows:
(a)

Each New Option entitles the holder to subscribe for one fully paid ordinary share in the capital
of the Company at an exercise price of 2 cents (Exercise Price).

(b)

The New Options are exercisable at any time on or before 5.00pm Western Standard Time on
7 February 2022 (Expiry Date). Any New Options not exercised by the Expiry Date shall
lapse.

(c)

New Options may not be exercised if the effect of such exercise and subsequent allotment of
the Shares would be to create a holding of less than a marketable parcel of Shares unless the
allottee is already a shareholder of the Company at the time of exercise.

(d)

Exercise of the New Option is effected by completing a notice of exercise of option and
delivering it to the registered office of the Company together with payment of 2 cents per New
Option exercised.

(e)

A notice of exercise is only effective when the Company has received the full amount of the
Exercise Price in cash or cleared funds.

(f)

The New Options are freely transferable, subject to any offer for sale of the New Options
complying with section 707 of the Corporations Act (if applicable).

(g)

The Company will apply for Official Quotation by ASX of the New Options.

(h)

All Shares issued upon exercise of the New Options and payment of the Exercise Price will
rank equally in all respects with the Company’s then existing Shares. The Company will apply
for Official Quotation by ASX of all Shares issued upon exercise of the New Options within
three days of the issue of the Shares.

(i)

There are no participating rights or entitlements inherent in the New Options and the holder
will not be entitled to participate in new entitlement issues of capital offered to shareholders
during the currency of the New Options. However, the Company will ensure that for the
purposes of determining entitlements to any such issue, Optionholders are given such period
required by the Listing Rules of ASX to give Optionholders the opportunity to exercise their
New Options prior to the date for determining entitlements to participate in any such issue.

(j)

If from time to time before the expiry of the New Options the Company makes an issue of
shares to the holders of ordinary shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves (a
"bonus issue") other than in lieu of a dividend payment, then upon exercise of a New Option
the Optionholder will be entitled to have issued to it (in addition to the shares which it is
otherwise entitled to have issued to it upon such exercise) additional shares in the Company.
The number of additional shares is the number of shares which would have been issued to it
under that bonus issue (bonus shares) if on the date on which entitlements were calculated it
had been registered as the holder of the number of shares which it would have been registered
as holder if immediately before that date it had exercised its New Options. The bonus shares
will be paid up by the Company out of profits or reserves (as the case may be) in the same
manner as was applied in relation to the bonus issue and upon issue will rank pari passu in
all respects with the other shares allotted upon exercise of the New Options.

(k)

The period during which the New Options may be exercised cannot be extended.

(l)

In the event of any reconstruction, including a consolidation, subdivision, reduction or return
of the issued capital of the Company prior to the Expiry Date, the number of New Options
which each holder is entitled or the Exercise Price of the Options or both will be reconstructed
as appropriate in a manner which is in accordance with the Listing Rules and will not result in
any benefits being conferred on Optionholders which are not conferred on shareholders,
subject to such provision with respect to the rounding of entitlements as may be sanctioned
by the meeting of shareholders approving the reconstruction of capital, but in all other respects

the terms of exercise of the New Options will remain unchanged. The rights of an Optionholder
may be changed to comply with the Listing rules applying to a reorganisation of capital at the
time of the reconstruction.

For personal use only

(m)

If there is a pro-rata issue (except a bonus issue) to the holders of the ordinary Shares, the
exercise price of New Options shall be reduced according to the following formula:
O’ = O - E[P-(S+D)]
N+1
Where
O’ = the new exercise price of New Options.
O = the old exercise price of New Options.
E = the number of ordinary Shares into which one New Option is exercisable.
P = the average market price per ordinary Share (weighted by reference to volume) of the
ordinary Shares during the 5 (five) trading days ending on the day before the ex-rights or exentitlements date.
S = the subscription price for an ordinary Share under the pro-rata issue.
D = the dividend due but not yet paid on the ordinary Shares (except those to be issued under
the pro-rata issue).
N = the number of ordinary Shares with rights or entitlements that must be held to receive a
right to one new ordinary Share.

(n)

Shares allotted and issued pursuant to the exercise of a New Option will be allotted and issued
not more than 14 days after the receipt of a proper notice and payment of the exercise price
in respect of the New Options exercised.

(o)

Other than as referred to above, a New Option does not confer the right to a change in
Exercise Price, or a change to the number of underlying securities over which it can be
exercised.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

10.1

Continuous disclosure obligations

For personal use only

10.

The Company is a ‘disclosing entity’ (as defined in section 111AC of the Corporations Act) for the
purposes of section 713 of the Corporations Act and, as such, is subject to regular reporting and
disclosure obligations. Specifically, like all listed companies, the Company is required to continuously
disclose any information it has to the market which a reasonable person would expect to have a material
effect on the price or the value of the Company's securities. The New Shares and New Options which
will be issued pursuant to this Prospectus are in the same class of Shares and listed Options
respectively that have been quoted on the Official List during the 12 months prior to the issue of this
Prospectus. The New Options are options to subscribe for continuously quoted securities (i.e. Shares).
This Prospectus is a “transaction specific prospectus” to which the special content rules under section
713 of the Corporations Act apply. That provision allows the issue of a more concise prospectus in
relation to an offer of securities in a class which has been continuously quoted by ASX in the three
months prior to the date of the prospectus. In general terms "transaction specific prospectuses" are only
required to contain information in relation to the effect of the issue of New Shares on the Company and
the rights attaching to the New Shares. It is not necessary to include general information in relation to
all of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses or prospects of the issuing company.
This Prospectus is intended to be read in conjunction with the publicly available information in relation
to the Company which has been notified to ASX and does not include all of the information that would
be included in a prospectus for an initial public offering of securities in an entity that is not already listed
on a stock exchange. Investors should therefore have regard to the other publicly available information
in relation to the Company before making a decision whether or not to invest.
Having taken such precautions and having made such enquires as are reasonable, the Company
believes that it has complied with the general and specific requirements of ASX as applicable from time
to time throughout the period from lodgement of the Company’s annual financial statements of the
Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 to the issue of this Prospectus which required
the Company to notify ASX of information about specified events or matters as they arise for the purpose
of ASX making that information available to the stock market conducted by ASX.
The Company confirms that, to the extent to which it is reasonable for investors and their professional
advisers to expect to find the information in this Prospectus, there is no information:
(a)

that has been excluded from a continuous disclosure notice in accordance with the Listing
Rules; and

(b)

is information that investors and their professional advisers would reasonably require for the
purpose of making an informed assessment of:
(i)

the assets and liabilities, financial position and performance, profits and losses and
prospects of the Company; and

(ii)

the rights and liabilities attaching to New Shares and New Options.

Information that is already in the public domain has not been reported in this Prospectus other than that
which is considered necessary to make this Prospectus complete.
The Company, as a disclosing entity under the Corporations Act states that:
(a)

it is subject to regular reporting and disclosure obligations;

(b)

copies of documents lodged with the ASIC in relation to the Company (not being documents
referred to in section 1274(2)(a) of the Corporations Act) may be obtained from, or inspected
at, the offices of the ASIC; and

(c)

it will provide a copy of each of the following documents, free of charge, to any person on
request between the date of issue of this Prospectus and the Closing Date:
(i)

the annual financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31
December 2019 being the last financial statements for a financial year, of the
Company lodged with the ASIC before the issue of this Prospectus;

(ii)

any half-year financial report lodged with ASIC by the Company after the lodgement
of that annual report and before the lodgement of this Prospectus; and

(iii)

any continuous disclosure notices given by the Company after the lodgement of the
financial statements referred to in paragraph (i) and before the lodgement of this
Prospectus with ASIC.

For personal use only

Copies of all documents lodged with the ASIC in relation to the Company can be obtained free
of charge from the Company’s registered office during normal office hours or from asx.com.au.
The Company has lodged the following announcements with ASX since the lodgement of the
Company’s 2019 annual report to shareholders on 7 April 2020:
Date

Description of ASX Announcement

6 July 2020

Becoming a substantial holder from NVA

6 July 2020

Underwritten Renounceable Rights Issue to Raise Up to $2.2M

6 July 2020

Proposed Issue of Securities

3 July 2020

Change of Directors’ Interest Notice

2 July 2020

Appendix 2A

2 July 2020

Appendix 2A

2 July 2020

Appendix 2A

2 July 2020

Appendix 2A

2 July 2020

NVA: Convertible Note Conversion

2 July 2020

Conversion of Nova Minerals Debt

1 July 2020

Mt Stirling Phase 1 Drilling Complete & Phase 2 Targeting

30 June 2020

Results of Meeting

18 June 2020

Annual General Meeting Venue Change

9 June 2020

Mt Stirling Gold Confirms Potential for Major Discovery

2 June 2020

DAU: First Drill Program at Credo Delivers JORC Resources

1 June 2020

Mt Stirling Gold Camp Drilling Update

28 May 2020

Notice of Annual General Meeting/Proxy Form

28 May 2020

NVA: Nova Secured Prepayment Funding Facility

21 May 2020

Cleansing Prospectus

21 May 2020

Appendix 2A – Shares

21 May 2020

Appendix 2A - Options

18 May 2020

Proposed issue of Securities – TNR

18 May 2020

Proposed issue of Securities – TNR

18 May 2020

Placement Completed and Exploration Update

14 May 2020

Trading Halt

13 May 2020

New Era of Exploration at Mt Stirling Gold Camp

6 May 2020

Mt Monger Gold Exploration Strategy

5 May 2020

Appendix 2A

1 May 2020

Cleansing Prospectus

30 April 2020

Drilling Contract Awarded for Mt Stirling Gold

30 April 2020

Quarterly Activities Report

30 April 2020

Quarterly Cashflow Report

28 April 2020

Appendix 2A

28 April 2020

Appendix 3G

28 April 2020

Appendix 3G

28 April 2020

Mt Stirling Gold Drilling & Mapping Preparation Underway

For personal use only

10.2

24 April 2020

Completion of Convertible Note Raising

22 April 2020

Commencement of Zuleika Project Farm-in Joint Venture

22 April 2020

DAU: Zuleika Farm-in Joint Venture Commences

21 April 2020

Final Director’s Interest Notice

21 April 2020

Resignation of Director

15 April 2020

Mt Stirling Gold Camp Exploration Strategy

15 April 2020

Credo Well Exploration Update – Phase 1 Drilling

14 April 2020

Cancellation of Unquoted Securities

14 April 2020

Grant of ASX Waivers

14 April 2020

Mt Malcolm Option Sale Agreement

14 April 2020

Final Director’s Interest Notice

14 April 2020

Resignation of Director

8 April 2020

Reinstatement to Official Quotation

8 April 2020

Appendix 3G

7 April 2020

Appendix 4G & Corporate Governance Statement

7 April 2020

Annual Report to shareholders

ASX maintains files containing publicly available information for all listed companies. The Company's
file is available for inspection at ASX during normal office hours or from www.asx.com.au.

Directors’ interests
Other than as set out above or elsewhere in this Prospectus, no Director or proposed Director holds at
the date of this Prospectus, or held at any time during the last 2 years before the date of lodgement of
this Prospectus with ASIC, any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

(b)

any property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its
formation or promotion of the Company or the Offer; or

(c)

the Offers,

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid and no benefits have been given or agreed to be
given:
(d)

to a Director or proposed Director or to any firm which any such Director is a partner, to induce
him or her to become, or to qualify as, a Director; or

(e)

for services provided by a Director or proposed Director or to any firm which any such Director
is a partner, in connection with the formation or promotion of the Company or the Offers.

As at the date of this Prospectus the Directors have a relevant interest in securities of the Company as
set out below.
Director

Louie

Simens2

Shares

Options1

Entitlement
New Shares

New Options

11,000,000

30,263,334

2,750,000

1,375,000

Paul Summers

4,804,810

16,118,600

1,201,203

600,601

Peretz Schapiro

1,156,619

7,566,668

289,155

144,577

Note:
1.
2.

Quoted Options exercisable at $0.02 expiring on 7 February 2022 (TNRO).
Mr Simens is an executive director of Nova Minerals Limited.

Executive Directors Paul Summers and Peretz Schaprio have agreed to subscribe for their full
entitlement under the Entitlement Offer.

For personal use only

The Constitution provides that the Directors may be paid for their services as Directors. Non-executive
directors may only be paid a sum not exceeding such fixed sum per annum as may be determined by
the Company in general meeting, to be divided among the non-executive directors and in default of
agreement then in equal shares.

10.3

10.4

The Company also pays premiums to insure all of the Directors against liabilities for costs and expenses
incurred by them in defending legal proceedings arising from their conduct whilst acting in the capacity
as a Director of the Company.
The Directors’ total remuneration for the 2018 and 2019 financial years, together with the anticipated
remuneration of the Directors for the current financial year are set out in the table below:
Director

Remuneration
for FY2019

Remuneration for
FY2020

Current financial
year

Louie Simens1

N/A

$72,000

$36,000

Paul Summers

$34,871

$120,000

$96,000

Peretz
Schapiro2

N/A

$36,000

$96,000

Notes:
1.
2.

Mr Simens was appointed on 26 March 2020.
Mr Schapiro was appointed on 11 March 2020 and as an Executive Director on 25 June 2020.

Interests of promoters and named persons
Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no expert, promoter or any other person named in this
Prospectus as performing a function in a professional advisory or other capacity in connection with the
preparation or distribution of the Prospectus, nor any firm in which any of those persons is or was a
partner nor any company in which any of those persons is or was associated with, has now, or has had,
in the 2 year period ending on the date of this Prospectus, any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

(b)

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its formation
or promotion or the Offers; or

(c)

the Offers.

Mahe Capital has acted as Underwriter and as lead manager to the Entitlement Offer. The fees to be
paid for this service are set out in Section 8.3. Mahe Capital has not received any fees for services to
the Company in the 2 years prior to the date of this Prospectus.
Allion Partners Pty Ltd has acted as solicitor to the Offers. In respect of this work, the Company will pay
approximately $12,000 exclusive of GST. Subsequently fees will be paid in accordance with normal
hourly rates. Allion Partners has not received any fees for services to the Company in the 2 years prior
to the date of this Prospectus.

Consents
Each of the persons referred to in this section:
(a)

has given and has not, before the date of lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC withdrawn
their written consent:
(i)

to be named in the Prospectus in the form and context which it is named; and

(ii)

where applicable, to the inclusion in this Prospectus of the statement(s) and/or
reports (if any) by that person in the form and context in which it appears in this
Prospectus;

(b)

has not caused or authorised the issue of this Prospectus;

(c)

has not made any statement in this Prospectus or any statement on which a statement in this
Prospectus is based, other than specified below;

(d)

to the maximum extent permitted by law, expressly disclaims all liability in respect of, makes
no representation regarding, and takes no responsibility for, any part of this Prospectus, other

For personal use only

than the references to their name and the statement(s) and/or report(s) (if any) specified below
and included in this Prospectus with the consent of that person.

10.5

10.6

Name

Role

Mahe Capital

Underwriter and lead manager

Allion Partners

Solicitors to the Entitlement Offer

Expenses of the Offers
The total (cash) expenses of the Offers (assuming Full Subscription and no further New Shares are
issued or New Options exercised) are estimated to be up to $221,740, consisting of the following:
Cost

1

$

Legal fees

12,000

ASX and ASIC fees

13,206

Capital raising fees

190,534

Printing, postage and other expenses
Total

6,000
221,740

Note:
1. These expenses have or will be paid by the Company.
2. In addition, the Underwriter is entitled to be issued 2 New Options for every $1 raised under the Entitlement Offer and a fee
of up to 5% on funds placed under the Shortfall Offer beyond the Underwritten Amount , including any additional amount that
might be placed under a follow-on placement pursuant to the Company’s placement capacity. Please refer to Section 8.3(b)
for further information.

Litigation
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Company is not involved in any other legal proceedings of a
material nature and the Directors are not aware of any other material legal proceedings pending or
threatened against the Company.

11.

DIRECTORS' STATEMENT
The Prospectus is issued by the Company and its issue has been authorised by a resolution of the
Directors.

For personal use only

In accordance with section 720 of the Corporations Act, each Director has consented to the lodgement
of this Prospectus with ASIC and has not withdrawn that consent.
This Prospectus is signed for and on behalf of the Company pursuant to a resolution of the Board by:

Louie Simens
Non-Executive Chairman

12.

GLOSSARY

For personal use only

Where the following terms are used in this Prospectus they have the following meanings:
$, A$ or Dollars means Australian dollars unless otherwise stated.
Applicant means a person who submits a valid Application Form pursuant to this Prospectus.
Application means a valid application made on an Application Form to subscribe for New Securities
pursuant to this Prospectus.
Application Form means an Entitlement and Acceptance Form and Shortfall Application Form, or any
one or more of those forms as the case may be.
ASIC means the Australian Securities & Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 and where the context permits the Australian Securities
Exchange operated by ASX Limited.
Board means the board of Directors.
Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive, except any day that ASX declares is not a business
day.
Closing Date means the date set out in section 1.
Company or Torian means Torian Resources Limited (ACN 002 261 565).
Constitution means the constitution of the Company.
Convertible Notes means the convertibles notes issued to Nova Minerals Limited on receipt of
shareholder approval at the Company’s general meeting on 30 June 2020, on the terms and conditions
set out in the notice of meeting lodged on 28 May 2020.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Director means a director of the Company.
Eligible Shareholders means a Shareholder as at the Record Date with a registered address in
Australia, New Zealand or Singapore.
Entitlement or Right means a Shareholder’s entitlement to subscribe for New Securities offered under
the Entitlement Offer.
Entitlement and Acceptance Form means the personalised entitlement and acceptance form
attached to this Prospectus.
Entitlement Offer means the renounceable pro rata entitlement offer to Eligible Shareholders of
approximately135,972,430 New Shares at an issue price of $0.016 per New Share on the basis of 1
New Share for every 4 Existing Shares held, together with 1 attaching New Option for every 2 New
Share subscribed for, to raise up to approximately $2.2 million before issue costs.
Existing Share means a Share issued as at 5.00pm (Perth time) on the Record Date.
Full Subscription means approximately $2.2 million before costs.
Ineligible Shareholder means a Shareholder at the Record Date who is not an Eligible Shareholder.
Listing Rules means the listing rules of the ASX.
Mahe Capital means Mahe Capital Pty Ltd (ABN 91 634 087 684).
New Option means an Option on the terms set out in section 9.2 and offered under this Prospectus,
being a free attaching Option with an exercise price of 2 cents, expiring on 7 February 2020 and trading
under the ASX code “TNRO”.
New Securities means the Securities offered under the Offers contained in this Prospectus.
New Shares means Shares issued pursuant to this Prospectus.
Nova means Nova Minerals Limited (ABN 84 006 690 348).
Offers means the Entitlement Offer and the Shortfall Offer or any one or more of those offers as the
case may be.
Offer Price means the issue price per New Share being $0.016.
Offer Period means the period that the Entitlement Offer is open, being the period between the
Opening Date and the Closing Date.
Official List means the official list of the ASX.
Opening Date means the date set out in section 1.
Option means an option to subscribe for a Share.

For personal use only

Prospectus means this Prospectus and includes the electronic prospectus.
Record Date means the date set out in section 1.
Securities means has the meaning given to that term in section 761A of the Corporations Act and
includes a Share and an Option.
Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the Company.
Shareholder means the registered holder of Shares in the Company.
Share Registry means Advanced Share Registry Services as set out in the Corporate Directory.
Shortfall Application Form means the shortfall application form attached to this Prospectus.
Shortfall Offer has the meaning given in Section 8.6.
Shortfall Securities means New Securities offered under the Offer for which valid Applications have
not been received and accepted by the Closing Date.
Underwriter has the meaning given in Section 8.3.
Underwritten Amount has the meaning given to it in Section 4, being an underwritten amount of $1
million.
US Person has the meaning given to that term in Regulation S under the US Securities Act.
US Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

For personal use only

13.

PRO FORMA STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
A pro forma balance sheet based upon the Company’s unaudited consolidated balance sheet as at 31
May 2020 is set out below. It has been prepared on the basis of accounting policies normally adopted
by the Company and reflects the changes the Entitlement Offer has on its financial position. It sets out
the financial position in the event the Underwritten Amount and Full Subscription under the Entitlement
Offer, on the assumption that no Options are exercised prior to the Record Date.
Pro Forma Balance Sheet as at 31 May 2020
Underwritten Amount

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents
Trade and other receivables
Right of use asset
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Available-for-sale financial asset
Property, plant and equipment
Exploration and evaluation
expenditure

Full Subscription

Pro forma
Torian Resources adjustments Pro forma

Pro forma
adjustments Pro forma

Unaudited
31-May-20

Unaudited
31-May-20

Unaudited
31-May-20

779,141
155,869
21,509
956,519

848,794

848,794

Unaudited
31-May-20

1,627,935
155,869
21,509
1,805,313

1,953,819

1,953,819

Unaudited
31-May-20

2,732,960
155,869
21,509
2,910,339

1,429
22,436

1,429
22,436

1,429
22,436

19,406,421

19,406,421

19,406,421

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS

19,430,286

19,430,286

19,430,286

TOTAL ASSETS

20,386,805

LIABILITIES
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables
Borrowings
Lease liability
TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES
TOTAL LIABILITIES
NET ASSETS
EQUITY
Issued capital
Reserves
Accumulated losses
TOTAL EQUITY

612,442
110,246
22,303
744,991
744,991
19,641,815

84,139,170
705,825
(65,203,180)
19,641,815

848,794

(37,999)

(37,999)
(37,999)
810,795

21,235,599

574,443
110,246
22,303
706,992
706,992
20,528,608

1,331,324
85,470,494
(413,325)
292,500
(31,206) (65,234,386)
886,793 20,528,608

1,953,819

(37,999)

(37,999)
(37,999)
1,915,820

22,340,625

574,443
110,246
22,303
706,992
706,992
21,633,633

2,436,349
86,575,519
(413,325)
292,500
(31,206) (65,234,386)
2,405,143
21,633,634

Corporate Directory

For personal use only

Directors
Louie Simens, Non-Executive Chairman
Paul Summers, Executive Director
Peretz Schapiro, Executive Director

Company Secretary
Matthew Foy

Registered Office
Torian Resources Limited
104 Colin Street
West Perth WA 6005
Lead Manager and Underwriter
Mahe Capital Pty Ltd
Level 8, 99 St Georges Terrace
Perth WA 6000

Solicitor to the Offer
Allion Partners Pty Ltd
863 Hay Street
Perth WA 6000

Auditor*
RSM Bird Cameron Sydney
Level 12, 60 Castlereagh Street
Sydney NSW 2000

Share Registry*
Advanced Share Registry Services
150 Stirling Highway
Nedlands WA 6009

*This party is named for informational purposes only and was not involved in the preparation of this Prospectus.

