For personal use only

ASX Announcement (ASX: TSC)

7July 2020

Follow-up exploration of gold targets at Rover underway

• Auger drilling and soil sampling has commenced at Rover, including at the newly
discovered Mistletoe gold prospect where a single RC hole test of a 450m long bedrock
conductor, RXC12, intersected 3m @ 1.75g/t Au from 113m (20RVRC049)
• Mistletoe is under shallow cover with no outcrop or past surface geochemistry
coverage, and a targeted auger drilling campaign has now commenced to define near
surface gold anomalism prior to follow up RC drill-testing

• Detailed soil sampling is also underway at the Red Bush gold prospect where recent
RC drilling intercepted highly anomalous gold associated with a 600m long bedrock
conductor
• Auger drilling will also test the new conceptual Maynard Intrusion target identified
during interpretation of detailed aeromagnetic data
• The next RC drilling campaign will focus on extending known mineralisation around
the Creasy 1 and Harmonic prospects, where large gold systems have been
discovered2, with provision to also test targets that emerge from the current auger and
soil geochemical surveys

Plate 1:
Auger drilling at Rover

CEO Ian Warland commented: “The next phase of field work is underway focusing on better
defining the gold potential of the new Mistletoe and Red Bush prospects at Rover in WA. We
have begun an extensive soil and auger program in areas that are untested by previous
explorers along the highly prospective Maynard Hills greenstone belt. This work will help
prioritise the upcoming RC program at Rover, which will include follow-up drilling of the shallow
gold discoveries at Creasy 1 and Harmonic prospects”

28 Greenhill Road Wayville, SA 5034, Telephone (61 8) 8274 2127,
Email: enquiries@twentysevenco.com.au web: www.twentysevenco.com.au
ABN: 48 119 978 013

For personal use only

TSC Limited (ASX: TSC) (“TSC” or “the Company”) is pleased to report that follow-up exploration
has commenced at Rover focusing on Red Bush, Mistletoe and the Maynard Intrusion target along the
20 km long prospective gold strike. The Mistletoe gold prospect was discovered in May this year, with
drill hole 20RVRC049 intersecting 3m @ 1.75g/t Au from 113m in mafic schist. Mistletoe is located
circa 14km south-east of Creasy 1 along the 20km prospective gold strike.

Figure 1: Rover Project relative to greenstone belt & select peers’ operations

To re-cap, eight bedrock conductors identified in April 20201 on TSC’s Rover Project (Figure 1) were RC
drill tested, with one to three holes drilled at each target. Significant sulphide mineralisation was
intersected at all eight targets, confirming the value of deploying AEM and MLTEM systems for regional
exploration on the Rover Project. The success of the drilling program was highlighted by the discovery
of new zones of gold mineralisation at the Red Bush and Mistletoe prospects6.
Mistletoe Gold Prospect follow-up

In June6 TSC reported that a single drill hole (20RVRC049) testing the 450m long RXC12 a bedrock
conductor, had intersected 3m @ 1.75g/t Au from 113m (Figure 2). The Mistletoe prospect has no
outcrop and is covered by shallow aeolian sand and sheetwash which inhibits surface geochemistry. The
gold in 20RVRC049 is hosted in mafic schist and occurs with disseminated pyrite and pyrrhotite in an
interval coincident with the interpreted bedrock conductor. The Mistletoe mineralisation is of a similar
style to the mineralisation found at Creasy 1.
Significantly, Mistletoe is circa 14km and 6km south-east of the Creasy 1 and Red Bush prospects5
respectively, confirming the Maynard Hills greenstone belt’s strong gold prospectivity. Auger drilling will
be conducted on 100m spaced east-west orientated lines covering the 450m long bedrock conductor.
The results of the auger drilling will be used to prioritise follow-up RC drill testing of Mistletoe.

Page 2

For personal use only

Red Bush
Maynard Hills
GS

Mistletoe

Cook Well GS

Maynard Intrusion

Figure 2: Location of planned auger and soil samples
Page 3

Red Bush Gold Prospect follow-up

For personal use only

The May 2020 drill program also discovered a new zone of gold mineralisation at Red Bush5, circa 7km
south-east of the Creasy 1 gold prospect along the Maynard Hills greenstone belt (Figure 2). Notably,
drill-hole 20RVRC044 confirmed a pyrite dominated bedrock conductor (RXC08), with two strongly
anomalous gold zones including:
•

3m @ 0.17g/t Au from 62m

•

12m @ 0.15g/t Au from 86m, including 3m @ 0.22g/t Au from 86m

“Creasy 1 style” gold mineralisation is generally associated with minor sulphide and anomalous arsenic
hosted in mafic schist and BIF. Gold mineralisation at Red Bush is hosted in a mafic schist and is
associated with strongly elevated arsenic, up to 3550ppm As in the 3m interval containing 0.22g/t Au,
suggesting it is also of “Creasy 1 style”.

Significantly, Red Bush has been tested by only this one RC hole, drilled into the center of a 600m long
bedrock conductor represented by five AEM anomalies on adjacent lines2. The conductor is mostly under
shallow cover and lacks detailed geochemical sampling, however in 2019, 250m to the south-east of the
drill-hole and within the conductive area, TSC collected a strongly anomalous rock-chip (RVR057)
assaying 4,040ppm As and 14ppb Au. This supports a possible strike extension along the 600m
conductive zone.
Accordingly, TSC is completing soil and auger geochemical drilling to search beneath the thin cover and
better define the Red Bush target ahead of further RC drilling.
Maynard Intrusion Target

Auger drilling will be extended to the south of Mistletoe to test a conceptual gold target along the Maynard
Hills greenstone belt. Interpretation of detailed aeromagnetics indicates a lozenge-shaped ~2.5km long
by 900m wide granitic intrusion interleaved with mafic and ultramafic rocks within the greenstone belt.
The shape of the intrusion is interpreted to be due to deformation and it may potentially contain gold trap
sites in areas of high fluid flow at either end of the intrusion or in shear zones formed at the contact
between the intrusion and the greenstone belt (Figure 2).

There are several examples of this style of mineralisation in the goldfields including the 2.7 Moz Granny
Smith deposit7 in the Laverton Greenstone belt where gold mineralisation is associated with a major
NNW- trending, east dipping shear zone proximal to the contact between granodiorite and surrounding
metasedimentary rocks. Mineralising fluids are thought to have focussed into low mean stress regions
(i.e. dilation zones) created by the shape of the intrusion.

Ongoing Exploration and Next Steps
 Soil sampling and auger drilling at Mistletoe, Red Bush and the Maynard Intrusion.
 Finalise drill preparations ahead of next phase of drilling at Creasy 1 and Harmonic prospects.

The Board of Twenty Seven Co. Limited authorised the release of this announcement to the ASX.
For further information please contact:
Ian Warland
CEO
Tel: (08) 8274 2127
M: + 61 410 504 272
iwarland@twentysevenco.com.au
www.twentysevenco.com.au

Page 4

COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENT:

The information in this report that relates to Geological Interpretation and Exploration Results is based on information compiled
by Ian Warland, a Competent Person who is a Member of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Warland is
employed Twenty Seven Co. Limited. Mr Warland has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and
type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the
2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Warland
consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information and the form and context in which it appears.

For personal use only

Reference: (Further relevant information can be found in the following ASX releases 1-6)

1.
2.
3.

4.
5.
6.

7.
130

TSC: ASX 15 April 2020: New drilling campaign to focus on eight compelling VMS targets at Rover
TSC: ASX 2 April 2020: Final AEM results identify 27 conductors at the Rover Project
TSC: ASX 13 January 2020: Standout shallow gold intercept, up to 51.2 g/t, and verification of strong
VMS potential at Rover, WA
TSC:ASX 10 Sept 2019: Assays confirm VMS style geology & gold mineralisation at Rover
TSC:ASX 26 May 2020: Assays confirm new zones of gold & strongly anomalous base metals at Rover
TSC:ASX 9 June 2020: New gold prospect discovered at Rover
Coggon, J 2003, Magnetism — key to the Wallaby gold deposit: Exploration Geophysics, v. 34, p. 125–

About Twenty Seven Co. Limited
Twenty Seven Co. (ASX: TSC) is an ASX-listed explorer. In brief, TSC’s Australian assets are 100% owned and comprise two
tenure groupings detailed briefly as follows:
WA assets: TSC’s Rover project is located TSC’s near Sandstone in a base metals and gold mineral-rich area associated with
mafic and ultramafic rocks. Historically the area is underexplored and is currently undergoing a resurgence in exploration.
NSW assets:
•

The Midas Project is prospective for iron oxide copper gold (IOCG) and is located 40km NE of Broken Hill.

•

TSC owns 33% of the Mundi Mundi Project (MMP) through a binding MOU with Peel Far West Pty Ltd (a subsidiary
of Peel Mining; PEX) and private group New Zinc Resources Pty Ltd (NZR). This enlarged MMP area which is
highly prospective for IOCG / Broken Hill Type lead-zinc-silver mineralisation, comprises TSC’s Perseus tenement
(EL8778) plus contiguous ground from PEX (EL8877) and NZR (EL8729).

Page 5

