ASX Announcement :

For personal use only

5GN Acquires ColoAU,
a leading wholesale
provider of data centre
services and hyper-speed
global networks
Key Highlights
• 5GN has entered into an agreement to acquire the assets
of ColoAU’s national business; the purchase price is $2.9M,
representing 4 times normalised EBITDA.
• The acquisition purchase price will be $2.4M in cash and
$0.5M in 5GN shares at a 5-day VWAP; an earn out of up
to $0.5M in 5GN shares is payable if revenue growth targets
are achieved.
• Normalised annual revenue is reported at $4.2M and
normalised EBITDA is $0.7M. Synergies expected in the first
12 months will be in the range of $0.5M to $0.7M p.a.
• This acquisition will allow 5GN to fast track its wholesale
business utilising the established ColoAU automated
systems and on-demand provisioning platform.
• ColoAU operates a national and international 100Gb WDM
network which connects Australian capital cities to dedicated
international access and data centres in Los Angeles, Dallas,
Singapore, Tokyo and New Zealand.
• ColoAU also sells and support data racks in many of the
data centres across the entire network.

5G Networks (ASX:5GN) is pleased to
announce the acquisition of Colocation
Australia (ColoAU) located in Brisbane.
This strategic investment will allow 5GN to accelerate
indirect sales revenue by enabling partner access to
ColoAU’s automated network platform, which will be
integrated with the new 5GN Cloud Federation and growing
number of data centres.
By integrating the ColoAU network platform, 5GN’s
wholesale customers will enjoy automated self-service
capabilities for their data networking and data centre needs

NEWS RELEASE 8th July 2020
to meet the growing demand for high-speed connectivity
across cloud platforms and data centre hosting in Australia
and international markets. Importantly, this capability also
unlocks several new geo-market opportunities for 5GN, as
a result of the international data network that ColoAU has
successfully built and commercialised.
Built on innovative software technology - Software Defined
Networking (SDN) - the market-leading ColoAU data
network can deliver super-fast (100Gb) bandwidth for
hyper-connectivity on-demand, to any data centre or cloud
platform across the network. This innovative technology
will also be critical in connecting and supporting the rapid
rollout of 5GN fibre across most capital cities in Australia.
In addition to planned synergies of between $0.5M to
$0.7M p.a., the acquisition also enables 5GN to implement
a number of benefits including cost avoidance and strategy
acceleration, as 5GN was planning to invest and build the
networking technology recently deployed by ColoAU. A
clear strategic benefit is the ability to pivot and now focus
on innovation and speed to market for channel partners,
further differentiating the 5GN infrastructure and data
services as market leading.
5G Networks Managing Director, Joe Demase stated,
“ColoAU allows us to fast track a number of growth strategies
we have identified including the ability to employ system
automation to augment the customer fulfilment process
and accelerate the speed of service delivery. We believe
our channel partner program will be further enhanced by
offering alternative on-demand connectivity solutions which
will seamlessly connect to over 67 leading data centres
once our fibre network rollout is complete. Importantly, the
international architecture of ColoAU’s network is also exciting
as it opens the possibility of new markets and geographic
expansion.”

Level 8, 99 William Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
www.5gnetworks.com.au
investor@5gnetworks.com.au
1300 10 11 12

For personal use only

About 5G Networks
5G Networks (5GN) is a licenced telecommunications carrier
operating across Australia. Our mission is to be Australia’s
partner of choice for unifying a seamless digital experience
for our customers across data connectivity, cloud and data
centre services, underpinned by expert managed services in
the business to business market.
5G Networks currently owns and operates its own
Nationwide high-speed Data Network with points of
presence in all major Australian capital cities. In addition, the
Company offers managed cloud solutions through its Cloud
and Data Centre capabilities as well as managed services
to optimise customers’ IT and network environments.
Supporting this is the Company’s combined rack capacity
of 720 racks through its owned and operated Data Centres
across Melbourne, Sydney and Adelaide.
As an organisation, we are dedicated and passionate
about delivering unique value to our 2500+ customers
which include several top 50 ASX listed and Government
organisations. This commitment is strengthened by a core
focus on digital leadership, innovation and an exceptional
customer experience.
For further information contact:
Joe Demase
Managing Director
jd@5gn.com.au
1300 10 11 12

Glen Dymond
Chief Financial Officer
gd@5gn.com.au
0408 199 712

Level 8, 99 William Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
www.5gnetworks.com.au
investor@5gnetworks.com.au
1300 10 11 12

