Carbon Revolution Limited
Geelong Technology Precinct
75 Pigdons Road
Waurn Ponds, 3216
Australia

For personal use only

ABN: 96 128 274 653

Carbon Revolution (ASX code: CBR)
Market update
Geelong, Australia, Wednesday 8 July 2020: Carbon Revolution Limited (ASX: CBR) today provides a
market update.
This update is further to Carbon Revolution’s ASX releases from earlier this year which noted the
impact of COVID-19 on global automotive supply chains and consequent withdrawal of guidance for
FY20.
Carbon Revolution now believes that demand for its wheels in Q1 FY21 will be affected by ongoing
factors related to COVID-19. This will result in Carbon Revolution’s sales growth being affected
during the first half of FY21. Notwithstanding this, the Company expects to deliver sales growth in
FY21 and is confident that this temporary change has no effect on the medium to long-term demand
for its wheels or on its growth prospects.
In response to this the Company is implementing a series of operational changes. These include
reductions in the workforce engaged in production activities and the restructuring of shifts to
optimise the business for these short term changes in throughput.
Carbon Revolution CEO Jake Dingle said “Up until this point we have navigated through these
challenging times without significant disruption to our business and team, however as a result of this
recent news we must make difficult decisions to protect the interests of the company. I’m confident
that this situation is temporary and we will be back on track as our customers return to normal
operating conditions. We don’t foresee any long-term impact on the demand for our technology.”
The Company expects to release full year FY20 results in August.
Authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Carbon Revolution Limited

David Nock
Company Secretary
Carbon Revolution Limited

Contact details:
Investor relations contact
Gerard Buckle
Chief Financial Officer
0423 767 933

Media contact
John Fergusson
0407 826 952
john.fergusson@daymark.com.au

