ASX Announcement
8 July 2020

3D Resources Adelong Goldfield Maiden Drilling Program
Highlights

For personal use only

•
•
•
•

CY2020 Drilling Program scheduled to commence 10 August 2020
All necessary permits, contracts and access agreements in place
Program expanded to include Currajong along-side the Donkey Hill Project
Additional drilling targets being considered

3D Resources Limited (ASX: DDD) (“3D Resources” or the “Company”) is pleased to provide the following update
on its proposed drilling program at the Adelong Goldfield Projects.

Maiden Drill Program

The Company is pleased to set the commencement of its maiden drilling program at the Adelong Goldfield
Projects from 10 August 2020. The initial phase of the program was to focus drilling at the Donkey Hill Project;
however it was decided to expand the program to Currajong. The inclusion of Currajong included lodgement of
an amended Mine Operation Plan which was only recently approved. The expansion to Currajong will maximise
impact of the drilling program. The Company is now focused on enabling long lead activities ahead of the
scheduled commencement of drilling in August.

Figure 1 - Map showing exploration and mining licences

3D Resources Ltd | www.3dresources.com.au | ASX: DDD
4/91 William Street | Melbourne VIC | T: +61 3 8611 5333 | E: info@3dresources.com.au

ASX Announcement
8 July 2020

For personal use only

Approval has been obtained for further drilling at the Challenger Project and an application has been made to drill
at the Sawpit Project. Also being considered for geochemical soil sampling is an unexplored 1km section between
the Currajong and Gibraltar Projects, as well as a 3km mineralised zone north of the Sawpit Project where historic
workings over a strike of approximately 3km (with the exception of Sawpit), have never been drilled. A decision
to drill at these Projects is expected to be included in subsequent phases currently considered for late CY2020.
3D Resources continues to monitor developments related to Covid-19 to minimise impacts on the maiden drilling
program. The Company has noted the announcement by the Victorian and NSW Governments that the state
border will be closed from midnight 7 July 2020. Currently, all senior geological staff associated with the Adelong
Goldfield Projects reside in Victoria. All required border travel permits will be obtained when the terms and
conditions governing that process is announced by the NSW state government. If needed, the Company may
consider investigating the possibility of using NSW based geologists to oversee the drilling program.
The Chairman of 3D Resources, Mr Ian Hastings, commented,
“The Company is excited to announce our maiden drilling program at the Adelong Goldfield Projects
scheduled to start next month. Concurrently, we continue to progress our strategic review with a focus on
maximising impact for our shareholders.
We see tremendous opportunity across the Adelong Goldfields Projects and I look forward to working with
the Board to unlock the potential in the coming months.”

For further information, please contact:
Peter Mitchell
Managing Director
peter.mitchell@3dresources.com.au
+61 400 880 309

Andrew Draffin
Company Secretary
andrew.draffin@3dresources.com.au
+61 3 8611 5333

www.3dresources.com.au

Mark Flynn
Investor Relations
mark.flynn@3dresources.com.au
+61 416 068733

