For personal use only

ASX Announcement

8 July 2020

Positive Metallurgical Result – Rosie Nickel
HIGHLIGHTS
Rosie Project (100% DKM)
Rosie mineralisation confirmed to be amenable to the production of a high-quality PGE rich nickel
and copper concentrate.
•

Nickel recovery of up to 97% using conventional flotation techniques

•

Intermediate concentrates grading as high as 22% Ni

•

Nickel concentrate grading 16% Ni and 7g/t total PGE’s achieved from massive
ore (>13% Ni is considered saleable concentrate)
Bulk concentrate grading as high as 15% (Ni + Cu) and 12g/t total PGE’s were

•

achieved from matrix violarite ore (>12% Ni+Cu is considered saleable concentrate)
•

PGE’s amenable to recovery by gravity with grades > 8g/t total PGE’s – providing
an alternative, flexible and cost-effective process option.

Results to be incorporated into an updated mineral resource estimate – nearing completion.

Duketon’s Managing Director, Stuart Fogarty, said; “It’s great to see such a significant positive
result with such high-grade concentrates being achieved and considerable quantities of the PGE’s
being recovered into the final concentrate. This allows us to now recalculate the Rosie resource
as a nickel equivalent number and show the important contribution that the PGE’s will add to the
overall resource.
The added flexibility of the PGE’s also being recoverable by simple gravity separation prior to
floatation allows us to consider other pathways of sale for this product”.
Duketon Mining Limited (ASX:DKM) is pleased to announce results of metallurgical test work on
two composite samples from the Rosie Nickel Deposit. The two composite samples included a
sample from the upper matrix violarite zone and one from the lower massive pentlandite zone.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

The massive composite sample included the following drill intersections (see ASX announcement

For personal use only

19th June 2014):

•

5.2m @ 9.2% Ni, 1.1% Cu and 7.1g/t PGEs

•

6.72m @ 2.8% Ni, 0.4% Cu and 2.2g/t PGEs

•

4.55m @ 3.6% Ni, 0.7% Cu and 4.2g/t PGEs

•

3.2m @ 3.1% Ni, 0.4% Cu and 3.7g/t PGEs

The matrix composite sample included the following drill intersections (see ASX announcement
dated 20th February 2020):
•

8.97m @ 2.56% Ni, 0.58% Cu & 4.87 g/t PGEs

•

4.58m @ 1.95% Ni, 0.29% Cu & 2.71 g/t PGEs

•

5.52m @ 1.74% Ni, 0.28% Cu & 2.01 g/t PGEs

The test work was completed by Strategic Metallurgy Pty Ltd, recognised as leading consultants
in nickel sulphide metallurgy. The samples were assessed by flotation to determine the possibility
of recovering nickel and copper to concentrates at a saleable grade and secondly to determine the
deportment of platinum group metals, prevalent in the Rosie ore.
The Rosie ore responded well to flotation with nickel and bulk nickel copper concentrates with
significant PGE’s generated in a conventional flotation circuit.
Nickel recovery of up to 97% and intermediate concentrates grading as high as 22% Ni were
achieved for the massive ore. A concentrate grade of 16% Ni at a recovery of 83.9% was achieved
with PGEs as high as 7g/t.
A bulk concentrate grading as high as 15% Cu+Ni was achieved for the matrix violarite ore with
PGEs as high as 12g/t.
Additionally, preliminary gravity separation test work shows the ability to recover a PGE
concentrate prior to flotation, providing an alternative, flexible and cost-effective processing option.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only
Figure 1: Plan of DKM Tenements showing Ultramafic, Nickel Resources and Prospects

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only

Figure 2. Flotation Test

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only

Authorised for release by:
Stuart Fogarty
Duketon Mining Limited - Managing Director
+61 8 6315 1490

The information in this report that relates to exploration results is based on information compiled by Ms Kirsty
Culver, Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG) and an employee of Duketon Mining Limited. Ms
Culver has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity that is being undertaken to qualify as a competent person as defined in the
JORC Code 2012. Ms Culver consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on the information in
the form and context in which it appears.

PREVIOUSLY REPORTED INFORMATION
The information in the announcement that relates to Mineral Resources for Rosie is extracted from the report
entitled “Duketon Mining Prospectus” dated 19 June 2014 and is available to view on the Company’s website
(www.duketonmining.com.au). The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that
materially affects the information included in the original market announcement and that all material assumptions
and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement continue to apply and
have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s
findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcement.
This report includes information that relates to exploration results which were prepared and first disclosed under
the JORC Code 2012. The information was extracted from the Company’s previous ASX announcement released
on 11 February 2020. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially
affects the information included in the original market announcement. The Company confirms that the form and
context in which any Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the
original market announcement.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only

JORC Table 1

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1 report – Duketon Project
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data – Rosie - DDH Drilling and Metallurgy Work
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut channels, random chips, or
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate
to the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity
and the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems
used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this would be
relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1
m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge
for fire assay’). In other cases more explanation may be required,
such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (eg
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.

• Diamond core was drilled triple tube HQ to competent rock and then
NQ2 to end of hole.
• The sample interval was cut in half and half again using a diamond
core saw and quarter core sampled for assay. Each sample provided
between 2.0-3.0kg of material. The core was cut to the right of the
orientation line, with the same quarter sampled to ensure sample is
representative.
• Diamond core is sampled to geological boundaries, no more than 1m
and no less than 20cm per sample.
• Certified samples and blanks are inserted every 25th sample for
diamond drilling.
• Mineralisation determined qualitatively by geological logging and
quantitatively through assaying.
• Metallurgical samples were extracted from drillholes DKDD0009,
DKDD0010, DKDD0011 for the matrix sample and holes TBDD087,
TBDD093, TBDD098 & TBDD107 for the massive sample. The drill
core was shipped to Strategic Metallurgy in Belmont Western
Australia, then separated into the two main composite samples and
stored at the Strategic Metallurgy Laboratory.

Drilling
techniques

• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core diameter, triple
or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc).

• Diamond drilling using HQ3 (61.1mm) sized core to competent rock
and then NQ2 (50.6mm) to end of hole.
• Core was oriented using an Ezi-Mark orientation tool

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Drill sample
recovery

• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries
and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure
representative nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade
and whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential
loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate
Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies and metallurgical
studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or
costean, channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged.
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core
taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and
whether sampled wet or dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the
sample preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to
maximise representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in
situ material collected, including for instance results for field
duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material
being sampled.
• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and
laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc,
the parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument
make and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their

• Recoveries qualitatively noted at the time of drilling and recorded in
the DKM database.
• Core is metre marked and orientated. Run recoveries are recorded in
the DKM database.
• Triple tube HQ was used to maximise recovery through the
weathered zone and ensure a representative sample.

Logging

Subsampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

• All samples were logged to a level of detail to support future use in a
mineral resource calculation.
• Qualitative: Lithology, alteration, mineralisation.
• Quantitative: Vein percentage, sulphide percentage.
• All holes for their entire length are logged.
• All core is photographed.
• The core is cut using an automatic core saw, quarter core is sampled.
• The entire sample (approx. 2kg) has been dried, pulverised to 85%
passing 75µm.
• Pulp duplicates have been taken at the pulverising stage and
selective repeats conducted at the laboratories discretion.
• Sample sizes are considered appropriate for the grainsize of the
material sampled.
• Metallurgical samples were crushed and pulverised to 75µm.
Samples were then split into 1kg sub-samples for flotation testwork.

• Samples were assayed using a Fire Assay 40g charge with MS finish
for Au, Pt & Pd and a multi-acid digest with ICP-AES finish for 17
elements.
• This technique is industry standard for nickel and considered
appropriate.
• Assays were returned for the following elements: Al, As, Au, Ca, Co,

For personal use only

Criteria

Verification
of sampling
and
assaying

Location of
data points

Data spacing
and
distribution

Orientation
of data in
relation to
geological
structure
Sample
security

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels
of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision have been established.

Cr, Cu, Fe, K, Mg, Na, Ni, Pd, Pt, S, Sc, Ti, V, Zn, Zr
• Selected samples were also analysed using a Fire Assay 25g charge
with MS finish for Au, Pt, Pd, Rh, Ru, Os, Ir to a 1ppb detection limit.
• Certified Reference Material (Standards) and blanks were submitted
with batches (1 in every 25 samples).
• All data has been checked internally for correctness by senior DKM
geological and corporate staff.
• All data is collected via Ocris software and uploaded into the DKM
Datashed Database following validation.
• No adjustments have been made to assay data.
• No twinned holes have been drilled to date.
• All location points were collected using a handheld GPS in MGA 94 –
Zone 51
• Downhole surveying (magnetic azimuth and dip of the drillhole) of
diamond drillholes was measured by the drilling contractors using a
REFLEX EZMark Gyro.
• A topographic surface has been created from airborne geophysical
data. Drillholes have been corrected to this surface.
• Holes were drilled at various spacing depending upon the holes
drilled previously in the area of interest.
• Hole spacing is appropriate for drilling at this early stage in the
exploration process.
• Sample compositing has been applied.
•
• The orientation of the geology and mineralization at Rosie is steeply
dipping to the south and striking NNW to W.

• The verification of significant intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data
verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and
down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations
used in Mineral Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and
classifications applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.
• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of
possible structures and the extent to which this is known, considering
the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the orientation
of key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a
sampling bias, this should be assessed and reported if material.
• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

• Chain of custody was managed by company representatives and is
considered appropriate. All samples are bagged in a tied numbered

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
calico bag, grouped into larger polyweave bags and cable tied.
Polyweave bags are placed into larger bulky bags with a sample
submission sheet and tied shut. Consignment note and delivery
address details are written on the side of the bag and delivered to Toll
in Laverton. The bags are delivered directly to Bureau Veritas in
Canning Vale, WA who are NATA accredited for compliance with
ISO/IEC17025:2005.

Audits or
reviews

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data.

• No external audits or reviews have been conducted apart from
internal company review.

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement
and land
tenure status

• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership including
agreements or material issues with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, native title interests,
historical sites, wilderness or national park and environmental
settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along with any
known impediments to obtaining a licence to operate in the area.
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other parties.

• The tenement (M38/1252) is 100% owned by Duketon Mining Limited
and is in good standing and there are no known impediments to
obtaining a licence to operate in the area.

Exploration
done by
other parties

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

• Previous drilling at The Bulge Complex was completed by
Independence Group (IGO) and South Boulder Mines Ltd. This work
has been checked for quality as far as possible and formed the basis
of the follow-up conducted as part of the drilling programme
presented.
• The Rosie Nickel Deposit is a komatiite-hosted nickel sulphide
deposit. The mineralisation is characterised by accumulations of

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
massive, matrix, breccia and disseminated sulphides at the basal
contact overlying a basalt footwall.

Drill hole
Information

Data
aggregation
methods

Relationship
between
mineralisatio
n widths and
intercept
lengths
Diagrams

• A summary of all information material to the understanding of the
exploration results including a tabulation of the following information
for all Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level in
metres) of the drill hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging techniques,
maximum and/or minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of high
grades) and cut-off grades are usually Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high grade
results and longer lengths of low grade results, the procedure used
for such aggregation should be stated and some typical examples of
such aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent values
should be clearly stated.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill hole
angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are reported, there
should be a clear statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole length, true
width not known’).

• Significant intercepts are provided in a table within the text of ASX
announcements 19th June 2014 and 20th February 2020

• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and tabulations of
intercepts should be included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be limited to a plan view of
drill hole collar locations and appropriate sectional views.

• Refer to figures in document.
• No diagrams of the metallurgical process required at this stage as
final flow sheet still to be determined via subsequent studies.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

• No top-cuts have been applied when reporting results.
• First assay from the interval in question is reported (i.e. Ni1).
• Aggregate sample assays calculated using a length weighted
average.
• Significant grade intervals based on intercepts > 4000ppm nickel.
• No metal equivalent values have been used for reporting of results.
• No data aggregation has been applied to the metallurgical test
results.
• Downhole length is reported for the drillholes.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Balanced
reporting

• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is not
practicable, representative reporting of both low and high grades
and/or widths should be practiced to avoid misleading reporting of
Exploration Results.
• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should be reported
including (but not limited to): geological observations; geophysical
survey results; geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density,
groundwater, geotechnical and rock characteristics; potential
deleterious or contaminating substances.
• The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for lateral
extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible extensions,
including the main geological interpretations and future drilling areas,
provided this information is not commercially sensitive.

• All drillhole locations are reported and a table of significant intervals is
provided in the release text.

Other
substantive
exploration
data

Further work

• Refer to document.

• A discussion of further work underway is contained within the body to
this ASX release.

Section 4 Estimation and Reporting of Ore Reserves
Since no Ore Reserves are reported, this section is provided in part only, in order to provide further details of the metallurgical testwork in a manner that is
consistent with the prevailing JORC Code 2012 reporting format
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Metallurgical
factors or
assumptions

• The metallurgical process proposed and the appropriateness of that
process to the style of mineralisation.
• Whether the metallurgical process is well-tested technology or novel
in nature.
• The nature, amount and representativeness of metallurgical test work
undertaken, the nature of the metallurgical domaining applied and the
corresponding metallurgical recovery factors applied.
• Any assumptions or allowances made for deleterious elements.
• The existence of any bulk sample or pilot scale test work and the

• The Company has conducted a series of metallurgical tests to
determine the effectiveness of extracting metals from the Rosie
Nickel Deposit by flotation and concentration. This is considered by
the company to be standard practice for such material in the Rosie
Nickel Deposit
• 16 float tests were completed in total, 9 on the massive sample and 7
on the matrix sample.
• The company considers the above process to be standard, welltested technology that has been proven. There has been no ‘novel’ or

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

degree to which such samples are considered representative of the
orebody as a whole.
• For minerals that are defined by a specification, has the ore reserve
estimation been based on the appropriate mineralogy to meet the
specifications?

unproven technology under consideration.
• There has been no assumptions nor allowances made for deleterious
elements
• No bulk sample or pilot scale test work has been conducted yet.
• The samples are considered to be representative of the orebody.
Each composite sample has been derived from several spatially
separated drill holes that intersect the orebody.
• No minerals have been defined by specification at this time.

Duketon Mining Limited ACN 159 084 107
Level 2 45 Richardson Street West Perth WA 6005 T: +61(0) 8 6315 1490

