ASX RELEASE
8 July 2020

For personal use only

MTN Arena now live in South Africa
Highlights:
•

MTN Arena, the MTN branded platform based on Emerge’s mobile competition and tournament
technology, is launched and live in South Africa

•

The activation of MTN Arena is under the terms of the agreement signed with MTN to distribute
and market Emerge’s mobile competition and tournament platform technology (ASX: 23 June
2020)

•

MTN Arena launch driven by an intensive go-to-market strategy

•

A significant investment will be made into marketing and prizes

•

Emerge will receive a proportion of net revenue generated by the MTN Arena platform

•

Emerge sufficiently funded for launch of MTN Arena which will be revenue generative in the
current quarter (i.e. July-Sept 20)

Emerge Gaming Limited (ASX: EM1) (“Emerge” or the “Company”), the operator of online eSports
and casual gaming competition and tournament platform technology, is pleased to advise that further
to its announcement of major mobile carrier MTN agreeing to distribute and market Emerge’s
technology (ASX: 23 June 2020), the platform branded ‘MTN Arena’ is now live.
Go-to-Market Strategy
The launch of MTN Arena is supported by an intensive go-to-market (“GTM”) strategy. The GTM
strategy includes a media campaign, bulk SMSing and distribution through MTN owned digital
channels to reach MTN’s ~29 million subscribers in South Africa.

For personal use only

An international specialist creative digital agency has been appointed by MTN to deliver the paid
media campaign. In this regard, digital marketing has commenced, and the creative direction will
continuously evolve with assistance from the dedicated marketing teams of Emerge and MTN. The
Company will make marketing collateral available in due course.
In addition, MTN subscribers will have the opportunity to sign up for MTN Arena by receiving an SMS
via MTN’s customer value management division. MTN will deliver bulk SMSs to promote MTN Arena
targeting subscriber interests.
MTN Arena is discoverable through MTN South Africa’s numerous owned digital channels
(“@MTNza”) with the focus being on Facebook (1.5 million followers), Twitter (1 million followers)
and MTN Play, MTN’s traffic driven subscriber portal for the distribution of gaming, music and video
content.
Tournaments include daily, weekly, weekend and monthly competitions with opportunities for gamers
to enjoy mobile gaming whilst winning prizes and money. Grand prizes will encourage mobile gamers
to engage for longer periods on the platform. This competition and prize content is the cornerstone
of the marketing content.
MTN has committed to invest into marketing support and prizes under the agreement.

For personal use only

Revenue
Emerge Gaming will start generating revenue in the current quarter (Q1 of FY 2021).
Under the agreement with MTN, MTN will bill a daily subscription fee against mobile users accounts
when they subscribe to MTN Arena. The value proposition is that subscribers will pay R3 per day
(~A$0.26c) to enter into competitions involving their favourite mobile social games, earn rewards and
win prizes. Emerge will receive a proportion of net revenue generated by the MTN Arena platform
and MTN will market and distribute the platform through direct SMS marketing, promotional
marketers, other advertisers and listing on the MTN customer portal.
For further information, please refer to the announcement of 23 June 2020 (ASX: 23 June 2020).
About MTN
Launched in 1994, the MTN Group is a leading emerging markets operator with a clear vision to lead
the delivery of a bold new digital world to our 240 million customers in 21 countries in Africa and the
Middle East. We are inspired by our belief that everyone deserves the benefits of a modern connected
life. The MTN Group is listed on the JSE Securities Exchange in South Africa under the share code
“MTN”. We are pursuing our “BRIGHT” strategy with a major focus on growth in data, fintech and
digital businesses.
For further information:
Australia

South Africa

Bert Mondello
Chairman
E: bmondello@illustrialcapital.com
P: +61 8 6380 2555

Gregory Stevens
CEO
E: greg@emergegaming.com.au
P: +27 72 420 4811

For personal use only

About Emerge Gaming
Emerge Gaming Limited (ASX:EM1) is a leading eSports and casual gaming tournament company.
Emerge Gaming operates the online eSports and casual gaming tournament platform technology and
lifestyle hub. Via this platform, casual, social and hardcore gamers can play hundreds of gaming titles
against each other via their mobile, console or PC, earning rewards and winning prizes.
The platform uses its unique IP, advanced analytics tracking and proprietary algorithms to deliver an
optimum tournament gaming experience for users while providing advertisers with the perfect vehicle
for delivery of their messaging to a fully engaged audience.
More information: www.emergegaming.com.au and view the Arcade X platform at www.ArcadeX.co

