For personal use only

8 July 2020
Level 24,
108 St Georges Terrace
Perth WA 6000
Australia

T. +61 8 6557 8838
E. info@lindianresources.com.au

Non-Executive Chairman
Asimwe Kabunga
Non-Executive Directors
Matt Bull
Giacomo (Jack) Fazio
Company Secretary
Susan Hunter

ASX Code: LIN.AX

Enquiries regarding this
announcement can be directed
to:
Asimwe Kabunga
Non-Executive Chairman
T. +61 8 6557 8838

Malawi Court Case Update
HIGHLIGHT
§

Notice of appeal filed at the High Court of Malawi in relation to the legal
action in respect of an exclusive option agreement for the Kangankunde Rare
Earths Project in Malawi.

Further to the Company’s announcement of 7 May 2020, Lindian Resources
Limited (“Lindian” or “Company”) (ASX Code: LIN) wishes to advise that the
Company has filed a notice of appeal in the High Court of Malawi in relation
to its legal action in respect of an exclusive option agreement for the
Kangankunde Rare Earths Project in Malawi (“Project”). The appeal is in
relation to the action by the Company against Michael Saner (“Saner”)
and Rift Valley Resource Developments Limited (“RVR”) regarding the
Kangankunde Rare Earths Project in Malawi.
The High Court has set the date for settlement of the record of appeal on
15 July 2020. After receiving the record, the Supreme Court of Appeal will
set a date for hearing the arguments of both parties and will then make its
judgement. A further update to market will be made at that time.
The Company maintains that it has a strong legal position and will pursue
all legal avenues available to it. Legal costs to date have been kept to a
minimum and pursuit of the claim will not be a significant drain on the
Company’s ongoing cash requirements.
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the Lindian Board.
For further information, please contact:
Asimwe Kabunga
Non-Executive Chairman
Phone: +61 8 6557 8838
Email: info@lindianresources.com.au
www.lindianresources.com.au

Follow @ASXLindian on
Twitter
Follow Lindian
Resources on LinkedIn

1

