For personal use only

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Substantial increase to Goulamina Mineral Resources
Investment highlights
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

64.6Mt @ 1.49% Li₂O for 0.96Mt Li₂O Measured and Indicated resource
Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources increased by 48%
Global Resource increased by 6% to 109Mt @1.45% Li₂O
Measured Mineral Resources established for the first time
Increase in M&I resource expected to flow through to Ore Reserve estimate
Significant potential remains to further increase Mineral Resources at Goulamina in the Danaya
and Sangar domains
Ore reserve estimation and mine design in progress

Mali Lithium Ltd (ASX:MLL) (MLL or the Company) has completed a new Mineral Resource Estimate at its
world-class 100% owned Goulamina Lithium Project (Goulamina or the Project) in Mali, West Africa.
The new Measured, Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate is:
108.51 million tonnes at 1.45% Li₂O for 1.57 million tonnes contained Li₂O
Measured and Indicated Resources are:
64.6 million tonnes at 1.49% Li₂O for 0.964 million tonnes of contained Li₂O
A full breakdown of the estimate is given in Table 1 below.
The June 2018 Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource estimate announced in the Pre-Feasibility Study
(PFS) was 103.2 million tonnes at 1.34% Li2O for 1.39 million tonnes Li2O and included 43.7 million tonnes
at 1.48% Li₂O of Indicated Mineral Resource.
The new resource represents a 48% uplift in Measured and Indicated resources. The Measured and
Indicated Resources are the basis of a new Ore Reserve Estimate being undertaken for the Goulamina
Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS). A material improvement to PFS ore reserves and mine life is expected.
The DFS will be completed in two months.
Managing Director Dr Alistair Cowden said: “It is promising to see both the size and quality of the
Goulamina Resources improve. This will provide the basis for an uplift in ore reserves. We will endeavour
to complete the Ore Reserve and the Definitive Feasibility Study as soon as possible, now that Covid-19
delays are behind us.”

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Table 1: Goulamina Mineral Resources – June 2020

For personal use only

(Note: tonnes rounded to nearest 100kt; some rounding errors may occur).

2020-June

TONNES (kt)

Li2O (kt)

Li2O (%)

Fe2O3 (%)

SG

Measured

8,400

133

1.57

0.98

2.75

Main

4,300

62

1.47

0.98

2.75

600

11

1.69

0.79

2.75

West l

3,500

59

1.67

1.01

2.75

Indicated

56,200

832

1.48

0.80

2.75

Danaya

7,800

112

1.43

0.63

2.75

Main

7,200

87

1.21

1.00

2.75

Sangar l

19,300

311

1.61

0.69

2.75

Sangar ll

10,100

156

1.54

0.71

2.75

West l

9,900

141

1.43

1.01

2.75

Danaya

1,900

30

1.43

0.63

2.75

Inferred

43,900

606

1.38

0.65

2.75

Danaya

14,500

188

1.30

0.86

2.75

Main

2,600

28

1.05

1.03

2.75

Sangar l

11,900

183

1.54

0.29

2.75

Sangar ll

4,800

70

1.45

0.27

2.75

West l

6,600

97

1.48

0.89

2.75

Grand Total

108,500

1,570

1.45

0.75

2.75

2020 - JUNE

TONNES (kt)

Li2O (kt)

Li2O (%)

Fe2O3 (%)

SG

Meas + Ind

64,600

960

1.49

0.82

2.75

Danaya

7,800

110

1.43

0.63

2.75

Main

11,500

150

1.30

0.99

2.75

Sangar l

19,900

320

1.61

0.69

2.75

Sangar ll

10,100

160

1.54

0.71

2.75

West l

13,500

200

1.49

1.01

2.75

West ll

1,900

30

1.43

0.63

2.75

Sangar l

-ENDS-

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

2

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

For Enquiries
Alistair Cowden
Executive Chairman
Mali Lithium Limited
+61 419 914 988

Dannika Warburton
Director (Investor Relations)
Investability Partners
+61 401 094 261

About Mali Lithium
Mali Lithium Limited (ASX:MLL) is developing the world class Goulamina Lithium Project in Mali, West
Africa. Goulamina is fully permitted and is one of the world’s largest uncommitted hard rock Lithium
Reserves. The company is currently completing its Definitive Feasibility Study and has released the results
of its Pre-Feasibility Study on the project to the ASX on 4 July 2018. The Company also has a diversified
commodity portfolio containing prospective gold tenements in southern Mali from which it intends to
generate near term value for shareholders.

Competent Person’s Declaration
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results and Mineral Resources is based
on information compiled by Mali Lithium’s Geology Manager, Mr Simon McCracken, a Competent
Person. Mr McCracken is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr McCracken has
sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and the activity he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves (the JORC Code)”. Mr McCracken consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based
on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

3

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Appendix A: Supporting Technical Information

For personal use only

Resource Definition Drilling
A total of 445 RC and diamond drill holes for 52,012 metres have been drilled for resource and
metallurgical, geotechnical, exploration and water exploration purposes at the Goulamina Lithium deposit
to date.
During the 2019-2020 dry season, Mali Lithium drilled 36 RC drill holes for 6,842 metres for resource
purposes into the Goulamina deposit. The drilling targeted areas where the previous pit optimisation was
limited by the extent of the 2018 resource estimate in the Sangar l and Sangar ll domains, as well as infill
drilling in the Danaya resource area. See Figure 1. The drill hole locations and significant intersections
have been reported in ASX announcements dated:
•
•
•

23 January 2020 (Additional High-Grade Mineralisation Discovered at Goulamina)
19 March 2020 (Further High-Grade Results from the Goulamina Drilling Program)
9 June 2020 (Outstanding Drilling Results from the Goulamina Lithium Project)

Figure 1 shows the collar locations for drilling undertaken in the 2019 drilling campaign compared with
drilling undertaken prior to 2019.

Figure 1: Drilling undertaken in the 2019 campaign versus drilling undertaken prior.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

4

For personal use only

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

The drilling program has successfully extended the Sangar l and Sangar ll spodumene pegmatites at depth
and has extended the resources of those domains down dip. The interpreted domains in the north east
part of the Goulamina deposit are organised into sub parallel mineralised lodes that dip 65 – 75 degrees
towards the east northeast. Minor splays and linking structures are in evidence, though these are not
generally modelled due to their sporadic and narrow nature.
At Danaya, infill drilling on three sections (12 RC drill holes), and interpretation of down hole acoustic
imaging data that was received during the year, has resulted in a re-interpretation of the geology and
orientation of pegmatites in that area. Consequently, the modelled resources in the area have been
significantly modified. The resources published herein for Danaya have been tightly constrained and are
considered conservative, particularly in areas of sparse drilling.
Weathered pegmatite material in all domains is excluded from all the Mineral Resource Estimates.
Detailed metallurgical test-work on the generally low-grade weathered material has not been completed,
but experience at other spodumene pegmatite operations point to poor product recoveries from the
oxide zone which renders the oxidised pegmatites not economically treatable.
Resources in the Main, West l, and Sangar l domains that are supported by dense information have been
upgraded to Measured Mineral Resources. The upgrade is based on the resolution of various issues
highlighted in previous resource estimates. These included:
•
•
•

Apparent high iron grades;
Anomalies in QAQC sampling; and
Dealing with wet samples while drilling.

Iron is a contaminant to the beneficiation process. The dominant cause of high iron results in previous
assaying has been identified as the use of steel pulverising equipment to prepare samples for assay. The
very hard spodumene material was causing accelerated wear to the equipment. This resulted in elevated
iron grades. In this campaign, tungsten carbide bowls are used and result in lower iron contamination.
QAQC reference standards used in previous drilling campaigns were determined to be inappropriately
selected for the sample digestion method used (sodium peroxide fusion). The certificates for these QAQC
samples do not quote a reference grade for sodium peroxide fusion (this was due to the provider not
having completed sufficient test work to establish a statistically meaningful expected value), and analysis
of the QAQC results appeared to show a positive sample bias. The uncertified reference standards are
useful in showing that the variation from the sample mean does not in general exceed 3 standard
deviations and that there was no apparent assay drift in the 2017/2018 drilling campaign. In this campaign
reference standards have been supplied by a different supplier and they are fit for purpose.
Additional compressor and booster capacity has been used in the 2019/2020 drilling campaign to assist
with keeping samples dry. In some places where drilling intersects aquifers, lower lithium grades are most
likely caused by chemical dissolution or degradation of the spodumene.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

5

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Mineral Tenement and Land Tenure Status
The Goulamina deposit lies within the Torakoro Exploitation Permit, which is 100% owned by Timbuktu
Resources SARL (Mali Lithium 100%). The mineral property is in good standing and there is no known
impediment to exploiting the resource there.
Geology
The Project area is located within the Bougouni region of Southern Mali, where broadly north-south
trending belts of Birimian aged (Paleoproterozoic) meta-volcanic and metasedimentary rocks are intruded
by syn- and post-orogenic granitoids.
Within the Project area, outcrop is limited, and basement geology therefore is poorly understood.
Regolith typically comprises a surficial transported gravel horizon (locally termed cuirasse) overlying a thin
laterite weathering profile. Mapping indicates NE striking metapelite and metagreywacke rocks in the
north and eastern parts of the property. The southern portion of the Project area is dominated by
granodiorite.
All pegmatite bodies contain anomalous or significant amounts of the mineral spodumene (a lithium
bearing pyroxene), along with other major minerals of quartz and feldspar (albite and microcline).
Geological logging also identified accessory amounts of muscovite, tourmaline, apatite, and biotite at the
granite contacts.
Drilling Techniques and Hole Spacing
Holes were drilled in several contiguous phases, from May 2016 to March 2020. RC drilling was completed
by Foraco Sahel (Foraco), International Drilling Company (IDC), AMCO Drilling SARL (AMCO), and Capital
Drilling (MALI) SARL (Capital), using nominally 5.5-inch diameter equipment, with a face sampling
downhole hammer. The Foraco rig had an onboard compressor, rated to 1100CFM@350PSI, the IDC rig
had an onboard compressor rated to 1150CFM@500PSI and the two AMCO rigs both had onboard
compressors rated to 1150CFM@350PSI. The Capital drilling rig had a trailer mounted combination Sullair
compressor rated at 1525/1300Cfm 350/500Psi, and an additional trailer mounted M41Booster rated at
1800cfm/700psi.
Core drilling was completed using equipment supplied and operated by Foraco, IDC, and AMCO. holes are
standard HQ sized holes (Core diameter 64mm). Diamond drilled holes are a combination of some drilled
from surface and some as diamond tails on RC holes. Core was oriented down hole so that structural
measurements could be taken. Core drilled by Capital drilling (GMRC360D) was not assayed in time to be
included in this MRE, although the logging was used to define pegmatite boundaries. This core was drilled
using HQ3 triple barrel equipment.
Sampling
All samples collected from the RC rig by Foraco and IDC were collected at 1m downhole intervals and split
into prenumbered calico bags at the rig, using a three-stage riffle splitter yielding samples of 3 to 5kg for
each interval. All samples collected from the rig by AMCO were collected at 1m downhole intervals, using

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

6

For personal use only

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

a rotary cone splitter combined with the cyclone, yielding a sample nominally 1 to 4kg for each interval.
Capital collected the entire sample return in large PVC bags. The sample usually weighs 10-15kg. The
sample was manually split through a standalone 2 stage splitter close to the rig, and while the rig was
drilling the hole, to obtain samples in calico bags that weighed between 2 and 3 kg. In addition to the 1m
sample, duplicate samples were taken every 20m downhole. Blanks and certified reference standards
were inserted at a minimum rate of 1:40 for blanks and 1:40 for standards.
For some deeper diamond holes RC pre-collars were sampled using 4m composites, following similar
sampling protocols.
All data is documented in a sampling ledger, including hole number, date drilled, sample identification
number, depth from, depth to, sample condition, sample type, percentage sample return, and all
standards, blank and duplicate samples.
Drill core is sawn in half along its long axis. One half of the drill core was taken for geochemical analysis.
All samples were collected at 1m intervals down hole. 100% core recoveries are usually achieved.
Sample Analysis
Recent sample preparation work was conducted by SGS Mali SARL (SGS) in Bamako, Mali. Samples were
weighed, dried, and pulverised to -2mm in a jaw crusher. Representative 1kg split of the crushed sample
was subsequently pulverised in a tungsten carbide ring mill to achieve a nominal particle size of 85%
passing 75 microns. Sample sizes and laboratory preparation techniques are considered appropriate.
Representative sub-samples of the pulverised material were sent to the SGS laboratory in Randfontein
South Africa for assay. Analysis for lithium and a suite of other elements was undertaken by inductively
coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy (ICPAES), after a sodium peroxide fusion (SGS method
ICP90A). The sodium peroxide fusion method is a total dissolution technique for lithium bearing silicate
minerals. Detection limits for lithium are 0.01 – 10%.
In the 2017/2018 campaign samples were prepared by ALS Mali SARL (ALS) in Bamako Mali for
preparation. Samples prior to that were sent to Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
Representative sub-samples prepared by ALS in Bamako in prior programs were sent to the ALS laboratory
in Perth for Assay. Analysis for lithium and a suite of other elements was undertaken by inductively
coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy (ICPAES), after a sodium peroxide fusion ALS method MEICP89, and ME-MS91.
Estimation Methodology
Main, West l, West ll, Sangar l, and Sangar ll domains
Interpreted cross sections were wireframed using Micromine version 2020 software to create 3D solids
for each of the pegmatite domains. The drill hole data was sliced on every drilled section for modelling
the geology, mineralised envelopes, and subsequently the resource classification envelopes. Solids were
created for each of the five domains. Digital terrain models (DTMs) were created to represent the Surface,
Base of laterite/transported material, Base of complete oxidation (BOCO) and Top of Fresh Rock (TOFR).
Figure 1 shows a cross section through the north-eastern mineralised domains at 1254400mN.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

7

For personal use only

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Figure 1: Cross section through north-eastern mineralised domains at 1254400mN, showing the top of fresh rock, and the US$750
pit shell that was used to constrain the resources to those that have a reasonable prospect of eventual economic extraction. The
domains from right to left are Main; West l; West ll; Sangar l; and Sangar ll.

Domain wireframes are subset by the TOFR into oxidised and fresh wireframes. Oxidised pegmatite
material does not at present meet the requirement to be potentially economical. Hence only the fresh
pegmatite wireframes are modelled for the purposes of reporting an MRE.
Most of the samples (except for some RC pre-collars) were taken from 1m drilled intervals. Assays in the
mineralised domains are composited to 1 metre intervals.
Micromine Version 2020 software was used for the modelling and estimation of resources. Trend surfaces
were modelled for each of the domain to control search ellipse orientations. A single model that covered
the entire Goulamina resource area was created, and blocks were informed by the various DTMS and
wireframes to assign oxidation state, geology, domain and subsequently resource classification. Models
for each domain were created from the common base model using the domain wireframes. The lithium
and iron oxide grades were estimated into the block models for each of the domains using ordinary
kriging.
The resources in the five northern domains were classified according to a range of criteria including
geological continuity, true width, and drill spacing, which were informed by various estimation
parameters such as estimation run number, number of samples used, distance to nearest sample average
distance to samples, and kriging quality parameters. Blocks have been classified into Measured, Indicated,
and Inferred Mineral Resources based mainly on drill density and width of resources informed by the
parameters mentioned above.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

8

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Danaya resource area
At Danaya, infill drilling on three sections (12 drill holes) and interpretation of down hole acoustic imaging
data has resulted in a reinterpretation of the geology and orientation of pegmatites in that area. Individual
dykes and sills of mineralised pegmatites are now interpreted to be oriented in a less organised way. Nonparametric methods were used to model the pegmatites in three dimensions. Blocks with a probability of
being pegmatite (>50%) were assigned a lithium grade whereas blocks that had a lower probability of
being pegmatite were not assigned a lithium grade. Figure 3 shows a cross section through the Danaya
domain at 1253450mN. The resources that report to the MRE are constrained above by the top of fresh
rock, and below by the US$750 optimised pit shell. Coloured blocks represent modelled pegmatites for
which lithia grades were modelled using conventional ordinary kriging.
In the areas of infill drilling the geology and grade model represent well the drilled geology and grade,
whereas in areas where drilling is limited to 100 m spacings the continuity of modelled pegmatites is less
than the interpreted continuity of individual pegmatites. This means that infill drilling is very likely to
provide significant increases in the amount of pegmatite available to the lithium estimation process and
subsequent resource estimation process.

Figure 2: Cross section through Danaya Domain on section 1253450mN showing the top of fresh rock and the US$750 pit shell
used to constrain the resource. Pegmatite distribution was modelled probabilistically, and grade was modelled into cells where
pegmatite is modelled.

The resource estimate for the Danaya area has been tightly constrained to ensure that the resulting
tonnes and grade are realistic in the areas of detailed drilling. These areas are allocated to Indicated
Mineral Resources. Other areas where the drilling is sparse are either allocated to Inferred Mineral
Resources or are not allocated.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

9

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Cut-off Grade
Mali Lithium intend to mine the spodumene pegmatites from footwall to hangingwall as they are generally
mineralised throughout. This approach is based on preliminary economic considerations and the ability
to make a saleable lithium concentrate from mining the entire pegmatite rather than defining internal
lower grade components. The cut-off grade has been set to 0% Li₂O for this purpose. Figure 3 shows a
grade tonnage curve for the Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources at Goulamina that suggests there
is approximately a 10% loss in tonnes if a cut-off grade of 0.9% Li₂O is adopted.

Figure 3: Grade Tonnage curve for Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources

Ongoing mining studies at DFS level are based on open cut mining methods, using a contract mining fleet
and conventional drill and blast methods. Inspection of core and review of physical discontinuities
identified in downhole acoustic imaging suggest that ground conditions are generally excellent and
suitable for this mining method.
Measured, Indicated, and Inferred Mineralisation reported in this MRE has reasonable prospects of
eventual economic extraction. This has been determined by reporting only blocks that lie above a US$750
Whittle pit optimisation developed using the same parameters as the soon to be released DFS.
The MRE is supported by metallurgical test work undertaken between 2017 and 2020, by ALS, Nagrom
and others, reported to the ASX on 27th November 2019 (Goulamina Metallurgy Test work Surpasses
Expectations); 17th September 2019 (Excellent Metallurgical Test work) and 4th July 2018 (Goulamina
Updated PFS Delivers Strong Project Outcomes). The test work programs included comminution test work,
mineralogy using QEMSCAN, reflux classification, heavy liquid separation and DMS test work, Flotation
and Magnetic Separation test work. A process flowsheet was developed based on the metallurgical test
work programs. These resulted in achieving 87% Li₂O recovery in flotation, and overall recovery of >76%
Li₂O, producing a high-quality chemical grade spodumene concentrate at >6% Li₂O. The results of the test
work programs support the DFS which will be completed in due course.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

10

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Exploration Potential

For personal use only

There remains significant potential to further increase resources at Goulamina in the Danaya, and at depth
in the Sangar zones.
The areas of highest potential for additional Indicated Mineral Resources are North and south of the
Indicated Mineral Resources identified in the Danaya domain. A program of drilling to infill current drilling
is expected to provide sufficient data to report a large increase in Indicated Resources. Timing of any
further drilling is dependent on the results of the DFS. Figure 4 shows the areas around the Danaya domain
that are expected to provide additional Mineral Resources.

Figure 4: Areas of high potential to deliver additional Indicated Mineral Resources through infill drilling.

Other areas of potential include the down dip portions of Sangar l and Sangar ll domains, and the
confluence between the north eastern and Danaya domains.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

11

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Annexure 1: JORC Code, 2012 Edition

For personal use only

Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)

Criteria
Sampling
techniques

Drilling
techniques

JORC Code explanation
• Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard
measurement tools appropriate to the
minerals under investigation, such as
down hole gamma sondes, or handheld
XRF instruments, etc). These examples
should not be taken as limiting the
broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any
measurement tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of
mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work
has been done this would be relatively
simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling
was used to obtain 1 m samples from
which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a
30 g charge for fire assay’). In other
cases more explanation may be
required, such as where there is coarse
gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or
mineralisation types (eg submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of
detailed information.

Commentary
• One metre samples were collected using
Reverse Circulation (RC) drilling with a
~140mm bit.
• The entire sample is collected from the
cyclone on the rig in plastic bags and then
split by hand using a riffle splitter to collect a
nominal 2 kg sample in a prenumbered cotton
sample bag.
• The entire sample is dried, then is crushed to
75% passing 2mm in a jaw crusher.
• A 1.5kg sample is split using a riffle splitter.
• The 1.5kg split is pulverised in a tungsten
carbide ring and puck pulveriser to 80%
passing 75 µm.
• Only samples that are not granitic material
are prepared for assay.
• To ensure that short mineralised intervals in
granitic rock are recognized, 6 metre
composite samples are split from the
collected granitic material

• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation,
• All samples in the current campaign were
open-hole hammer, rotary air blast,
collected using RC drilling
auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details
(eg core diameter, triple or standard
tube, depth of diamond tails, facesampling bit or other type, whether core
is oriented and if so, by what method,
etc).

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

12

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

For personal use only

Drill sample
recovery

Logging

Subsampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Method of recording and assessing core • The entire sample was collected from the
and chip sample recoveries and results
cyclone and subsequently split by hand in a
assessed.
riffle splitter.
• Measures taken to maximise sample
• Condition of the sample is recorded (i.e. Dry,
recovery and ensure representative
Moist, or Wet)
nature of the samples.
• Where samples were wet (due to ground
• Whether a relationship exists between
water there is a possibility that the assay
sample recovery and grade and whether
result could be biased through loss of fine
sample bias may have occurred due to
material.
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material.
• Whether core and chip samples have
• Chips were geologically logged at site in their
been geologically and geotechnically
entirety, and a representative fraction
logged to a level of detail to support
collected in a chip tray. The logs are
appropriate Mineral Resource
sufficiently detailed to support Mineral
estimation, mining studies and
Resource estimation. Logged criteria included,
metallurgical studies.
lithology, weathering, alteration,
mineralisation, veining, and sample condition.
• Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean, • Geological logging is qualitative in nature
channel, etc) photography.
although percentages of different lithologies,
sulphides, and veining are estimated.
• The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged.
• If core, whether cut or sawn and
• All samples are riffle split by hand using a
whether quarter, half or all core taken.
stand-alone splitter. This technique is
appropriate for collecting statistically
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube
unbiassed samples. The riffle splitter is
sampled, rotary split, etc and whether
cleaned with compressed air and soft brushes
sampled wet or dry.
between each sample
• For all sample types, the nature, quality
• Samples are weighed to ensure a sample
and appropriateness of the sample
weight of between 2 and 3 kg. Samples of
preparation technique.
between 2 and 3 kg are considered
• Quality control procedures adopted for
appropriate for determination of contained
all sub-sampling stages to maximise
lithium and other elements using the sodium
representivity of samples.
peroxide fusion process.
• Measures taken to ensure that the
sampling is representative of the in-situ • Certified reference standards, Blanks, and
duplicates are inserted into the sample
material collected, including for
stream as the samples are collected at a rate
instance results for field
of 10%.
duplicate/second-half sampling.
o Field duplicates are inserted
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate
every 20 samples
to the grain size of the material being
o Blanks (derived from
sampled.
unmineralized river sand) and

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

13

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
Certified reference material
standards (CRMs) are inserted
alternately every 20 samples

Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests

• The nature, quality and appropriateness • Samples are analysed for Lithium using an
of the assaying and laboratory
industry standard technique (SGS method
procedures used and whether the
ICP90A).
technique is considered partial or total. • by:
o drying the sample
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
o crushing the sample to 75% passing parameters used in determining the
2mm
analysis including instrument make and
o 1.5kg split by riffle splitter
model, reading times, calibrations
o Pulverise to 85% passing 75 microns
factors applied and their derivation, etc.
in a tungsten-carbide ring and puck
pulveriser
• Nature of quality control procedures
o Samples are analysed for lithium and
adopted (eg standards, blanks,
other elements by ICPOES after a
duplicates, external laboratory checks)
sodium peroxide fusion
and whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and precision • Laboratory checks include
have been established.
o Every 50th sample is screened to
confirm % passing 2mm and 75
microns.
o 1 reagent blank every 84 samples
o 1 preparation blank every 84 samples
o 2 weighed replicates every 84
samples
o 1 preparation duplicate (re split)
every 84 samples
o 3 SRMs every 84 samples
• Certified reference standards, Blanks, and
duplicates are inserted into the sample
stream as the samples are collected at a rate
of 10%.
o Field duplicates are inserted every 20
samples
o Blanks (derived from unmineralized
river sand) and Certified reference
standards (CRMs) are inserted
alternately every 20 samples

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

14

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

For personal use only

Verification
of sampling
and assaying

Location of
data points

Data spacing
and
distribution

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• The verification of significant
• All drilling and exploration data are stored in
intersections by either independent or
the company database which is hosted by an
alternative company personnel.
independent geological database consultant.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Drilling and sampling procedures have been
developed to ensure consistent sampling
• Documentation of primary data, data
practices are used by site personnel.
entry procedures, data verification, data
storage (physical and electronic)
• Logging and sampling data are collected on a
protocols.
Toughbook PC at the drill site and provided
directly to the database consultant, to limit
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
the chance of transcription errors.
• Where duplicate assays are measured the
value is taken as the first value, and not
averaged with other values for the same
sample.
• QAQC reports are generated regularly by the
database consultant to allow ongoing reviews
of sample quality.
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and
other locations used in Mineral
Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic
control.

• Drill hole collars are initially located using
GPS. They are subsequently surveyed using
RTK DGPS systems.
• Down hole dip and azimuth are collected
using a Gyro measuring every 20 to 50m for
RC drilling.
• Coordinates are recorded in UTM WGS94 29N
• Topographic control is considered adequate
for the current drill spacing.

• Data spacing for reporting of
• Drill holes are spaced approximately 30 to 50
Exploration Results.
metres apart on 25m, 50m or 100m spaced
sections.
• Whether the data spacing and
distribution is sufficient to establish the • The spacing is sufficient to establish grade
degree of geological and grade
and geological continuity and is appropriate
continuity appropriate for the Mineral
for Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation
estimation and the resource classifications
procedure(s) and classifications applied.
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been • Samples from pegmatite rocks are collected
applied.
every metre and are not composited into
longer lengths. Samples in unmineralized
granites are collected every metre but are
composited to 6m prior to assay.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

15

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

For personal use only

Orientation
of data in
relation to
geological
structure

Sample
security

Audits or
reviews

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Whether the orientation of sampling
• Mineralised zones in the north-eastern
achieves unbiased sampling of possible
domains are interpreted to dip moderately to
structures and the extent to which this is
the northeast. Drilling is generally oriented known, considering the deposit type.
60 degrees due west. Intersection angles on
the mineralised zone are between 35 and 65
• If the relationship between the drilling
degrees depending on the local strike of the
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised pegmatite. True widths of
mineralised structures is considered to
mineralisation are between about 75% and
have introduced a sampling bias, this
40% of downhole widths.
should be assessed and reported if
material.
• Mineralised zones in the Danaya resource
area are hosted within intersecting dykes and
sills that shown to be variously oriented. RC
drilling does not allow orientations of
contacts to be measured directly, but
subsequent use of acoustic imaging of some
boreholes has pointed to the complex nature
of the distribution of pegmatites.
• The relationship between drilling orientation
and structural orientation is not thought to
have introduced a sampling bias.
• The measures taken to ensure sample
security.

• Samples are delivered from the drilling site in
batches of 300 to the SGS laboratory in
Bamako with appropriate paperwork to
ensure the chain of custody is recorded.
Prepared pulps are shipped by SGS using DHL
from Bamako to their South African
Randfontein facility for assay determination

• The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data.

• QAQC checks of individual assay files are
routinely made when the results are issued.
• QAQC reports are prepared monthly by MLLs
database contractors. Any issues attributable
to the assay laboratory e.g. Standards
reporting out of specification, are queried
with the laboratory directly. These queries
have resulted in explanations being provided
to MLL, and in various re-assaying campaigns
by SGS to the satisfaction of MLL.
• QAQC reports are generated for the entire
program at the end of the program, to
support the resource estimate.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

16

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results

For personal use only

(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)

Criteria
Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status

Exploration done
by other parties

Geology

Drill hole
Information

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Type, reference name/number, • The Goulamina Project is entirely within the
location and ownership
Torakoro Exploitation Permit PE 19/25 in
including agreements or
Mali , PE19/25 is 100% held Timbuktu
material issues with third
Ressources SARL a 100% held subsidiary of
parties such as joint ventures,
Mali Lithium.
partnerships, overriding
royalties, native title interests,
historical sites, wilderness or
national park and
environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held
at the time of reporting along
with any known impediments to
obtaining a licence to operate in
the area.
• Acknowledgment and appraisal
of exploration by other parties.

• Mali Lithium (Formerly Birimian Gold) has
completed substantial exploration in the
area including soil sampling, Auger Drilling,
Air-core Drilling and RC Drilling as well as
limited diamond drilling. The current
program was designed to infill areas of
broad spaced (100m sections) drilling and
extend the depth potential of the Goulamina
deposit.

• Deposit type, geological setting
and style of mineralisation.

• The deposit is a pegmatite hosted
spodumene lithium deposit. The pegmatites
are hosted entirely within granitic rocks.

• A summary of all information
material to the understanding
of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the
following information for all
Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the
drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced
Level – elevation above sea

• Drilling completed by Birimian Gold in the
period from 2015 to 2018 has been reported
in various market updates on the Goulamina
Lithium deposit which are available on the
Mali Lithium web site
• Drill hole collar information for all drilling in
the Goulamina area is tabulated elsewhere
in this report.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

17

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

level in metres) of the drill
hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and
interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this
information is justified on the
basis that the information is not
Material and this exclusion does
not detract from the
understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should
clearly explain why this is the
case.

Data aggregation
methods

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept lengths

• In reporting Exploration Results, • All sample lengths are 1m. a weighting of 1
weighting averaging techniques,
has been applied to all samples.
maximum and/or minimum
• Top cuts have not been used.
grade truncations (eg cutting of • Metal equivalent grades have not been
high grades) and cut-off grades
reported, or used.
are usually Material and should
be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts
incorporate short lengths of
high grade results and longer
lengths of low grade results, the
procedure used for such
aggregation should be stated
and some typical examples of
such aggregations should be
shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any
reporting of metal equivalent
values should be clearly stated.
• These relationships are
particularly important in the
reporting of Exploration Results.
• If the geometry of the
mineralisation with respect to
the drill hole angle is known, its
nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

• In the north east part of the deposit, five
main north-northwest-south-southeast
striking pegmatites are interpreted to dip
moderately to the east-northeast. Drilling is
generally oriented -60 degrees due west.
Intersection angles on the north east
mineralised pegmatites vary between 35
and 75 degrees. True widths of

18

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

Diagrams

Balanced
reporting

Other
substantive
exploration data

Further work

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

down hole lengths are reported,
there should be a clear
statement to this effect (eg
‘down hole length, true width
not known’).

mineralisation vary depending on the local
strike and dip of the pegmatite.
• In the Danaya area, pegmatite dykes and
sills are variously oriented. Drilling is
generally oriented 60 degrees towards the
west, and in a few cases 70 degrees towards
the east. The true width of any intersection
at Danaya is not generally known and
depends on the actual orientation of the
pegmatite dyke or sill.

• Appropriate maps and sections
(with scales) and tabulations of
intercepts should be included for
any significant discovery being
reported These should include,
but not be limited to a plan view
of drill hole collar locations and
appropriate sectional views.

• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales)
and tabulations of intercepts are provided
elsewhere in this report

• Where comprehensive reporting
of all Exploration Results is not
practicable, representative
reporting of both low and high
grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading
reporting of Exploration Results.

• Reporting all mineralised intercepts is not
practical in this report. They have been
presented in previous ASX releases.
Intercepts that are not reported in previous
releases, can generally be assumed to
contain insignificant or no spodumene
pegmatite associated lithium mineralisation.

• Other exploration data, if
meaningful and material, should
be reported including (but not
limited to): geological
observations; geophysical
survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples –
size and method of treatment;
metallurgical test results; bulk
density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock
characteristics; potential
deleterious or contaminating
substances.

• Other exploration information is not
meaningful or material to this report or has
been reported previously.
• An update about metallurgical test work was
released to the market on 27th November
2019.
https://malilithium.com/pdfs/GoulaminaMe
tallurgyTestworkSurpassesExpectations27No
v19.pdf

• The nature and scale of planned
further work (eg tests for lateral

• Further drilling to infill areas of the Danaya
resource where the drilling is limited to

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

19

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

extensions or depth extensions
or large-scale step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting
the areas of possible extensions,
including the main geological
interpretations and future
drilling areas, provided this
information is not commercially
sensitive.

100m Sections, and where the Danaya
pegmatites are thought to intersect the
Sangar ll domain will be planned and
scheduled dependent on the results of the
DFS.
• Diagrams showing areas of high potential
are presented elsewhere in this report.

Section 3 Estimation and Reporting of Mineral Resources
(Criteria listed in section 1, and where relevant in section 2, also apply to this section.)

Criteria
Database
integrity

Site visits

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Measures taken to ensure that
data has not been corrupted
by, for example, transcription
or keying errors, between its
initial collection and its use for
Mineral Resource estimation
purposes.
• Data validation procedures
used.

• The Drilling database is maintained by Mali
Lithium’s database consultant (Rock Solid Data
Consultancy) using Datashed software. Look-up
tables and fixed formatting are used for entering
logging, spatial, and sampling data for the
deposit databases. Sample numbers are
uniquely coded and pre-numbered bags are
used. Lithology, collar and downhole survey, and
sampling and assay data is transferred to the
database consultant from Mali Lithium’s offices
in Mali electronically via email.

• Comment on any site visits
undertaken by the Competent
Person and the outcome of
those visits.
• If no site visits have been
undertaken indicate why this is
the case.

• Two site visits have been made to the
Goulamina project prior to and while drilling was
being undertaken by Mr. Simon McCracken, the
Competent Person. Local Geology, and general
site set up as well as the sample preparation
laboratory were observed on the first visit and
drilling and sampling practices and procedures
were reviewed while drilling was underway, on
the second visit.
• The sample preparation laboratory was changed
to SGS as they could offer pulverisers made of
Tungsten Carbide which result in lower iron
contamination. The SGS laboratory sample
preparation facility was observed to be clean,
tidy, and well organized.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

20

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
• Drilling and sampling practices were found to be
industry standard and no deleterious issues
were noted.

Geological
interpretation

Dimensions

• Confidence in (or conversely,
the uncertainty of ) the
geological interpretation of the
mineral deposit.
• Nature of the data used and of
any assumptions made.
• The effect, if any, of alternative
interpretations on Mineral
Resource estimation.
• The use of geology in guiding
and controlling Mineral
Resource estimation.
• The factors affecting continuity
both of grade and geology.

• The geological interpretation of the northern
part of the resource encompassing the Main,
West l, West ll, Sangar l and Sangar ll domains is
well understood. The recent drilling campaign
has confirmed the interpretation of these zones.
• The geological confidence in the interpretation
of the Danaya has been increased by utilising
optical and acoustic sounding techniques to
measure the orientation of some of the
geological contacts and foliations. However, the
orientation and structural relationships of the
dykes and sills remains uncertain and can only
be resolved with further diamond drilling.
• There is a strong correlation between
pegmatites and lithium mineralisation. there is
usually a sharp cut off in mineralisation at the
contact between the lithium bearing pegmatites
and the host granitic material. The boundaries of
the pegmatites are in most cases used as a
defacto grade boundary. In some instances,
where it appears that the contact has not been
interpreted correctly possibly due to
metasomatic or metamorphic alteration at the
boundary, the grade boundary is based on the
grade distribution.

• The extent and variability of
the Mineral Resource expressed
as length (along strike or
otherwise), plan width, and
depth below surface to the
upper and lower limits of the
Mineral Resource.

• The Goulamina Mineral Resource has an overall
strike extent of 2.9km N-S, and 1.5km E-W.
Mineralisation is exposed at surface in the
central portion of the Main Zone. The remaining
mineralisation domains are buried below laterite
and weathered saprolite, and saprock.
Weathering and laterisation processes have
removed most of the Li₂O from the pegmatites
between the surface and the base of oxidation
(BOCO). No resources have been defined in the
weathered part of the resource as this clay rich
material is deleterious to the process and cannot
be economically beneficiated.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

21

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
• The deepest drilling extends to 230m below
surface and the deepest known mineralisation is
at 220m below surface. The Inferred Mineral
Resource extends to 300m below surface. The
interpreted mineralisation has not been closed
off at depth, although in a few areas, deep
watercourses appear to have preferentially
eroded spodumene (and Li₂O ) from the
pegmatite host.

Estimation and
modelling
techniques

• The nature and
appropriateness of the
estimation technique(s) applied
and key assumptions, including
treatment of extreme grade
values, domaining,
interpolation parameters and
maximum distance of
extrapolation from data points.
If a computer assisted
estimation method was chosen
include a description of
computer software and
parameters used.
• The availability of check
estimates, previous estimates
and/or mine production records
and whether the Mineral
Resource estimate takes
appropriate account of such
data.
• The assumptions made
regarding recovery of byproducts.
• Estimation of deleterious
elements or other non-grade
variables of economic
significance (eg sulphur for acid
mine drainage
characterisation).
• In the case of block model
interpolation, the block size in

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

• The continuous and consistent nature of the
mineralised northern domains (Main, West l,
West ll, Sangar l, Sangar ll) allows a range of
estimation techniques to be used. In the
Northern domains, where geostatistical studies
(variography) can be used to develop weighting
parameters for kriging, ordinary kriging (OK) has
been used.
• In the Danaya zone where the distribution and
orientation of spodumene pegmatites is
uncertain, a probabilistic approach to modelling
the pegmatites has been taken.
• Previous estimates completed by Cube
Consulting in 2018, have used Ordinary Kriging
based on 3m composites, and Uniform
conditioning. Uniform conditioning provides a
view as to the local variation of block grades and
is important for defining selective mining units.
At Goulamina economic pegmatites are strongly
spatially associated with economic spodumene
mineralisation. Mali Lithium plans to mine and
process the pegmatites from footwall to
hangingwall which obviates the need for pattern
grade control drilling. Block selectivity is
relatively unimportant except in the context of
where the pegmatites pinch out, so it is not
considered necessary to pursue uniform
conditioning.
• High grade lithia values were reviewed, and the
application of top cuts is not considered
necessary.

22

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

•

•
•

•

•

relation to the average sample
spacing and the search
employed.
Any assumptions behind
modelling of selective mining
units.
Any assumptions about
correlation between variables.
Description of how the
geological interpretation was
used to control the resource
estimates.
Discussion of basis for using or
not using grade cutting or
capping.
The process of validation, the
checking process used, the
comparison of model data to
drill hole data, and use of
reconciliation data if available.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

Commentary
In the north-eastern domains
• Mineralised domains for all mineralised
pegmatites (except for several insignificant
narrow structures of uncertain orientation),
were digitised on cross sections and wireframed
into three dimensional shapes. Six domains are
identified in the north-eastern part of the
resource (Main; West l; West ll; Sangar l; and
Sangar ll)
• Drill hole sample data was flagged using domain
codes generated within each of the mineralised
domain wireframes.
• Following creation of a blank block model, each
block is assigned a domain number, a lithology
code, a weathering code, and subsequently a
resource classification code.
• Anisotropic search directions are used by
digitizing a trend surface which is then added to
the block model and is used to inform the search
ellipsoid orientation for each block.
• Three separate estimation runs are completed
for each lode with increasing search ellipse sizes
(75m, 150m, 400m) The largest size search
ellipsoid is used so that blocks distal from
drilling, for example at depth are informed with
a grade. This allows a scoping level optimization
to be undertaken to defined areas that have
reasonable prospects of eventual economic
extraction and to ensure that placement of
process plant elements does not compromise
the resource potential.
• The number of drill holes and individual samples
required to inform a block varies with each
estimation run. The 75m sized search ellipsoid
required a minimum of four samples from each
of four drill holes and a maximum of 20 samples.
The 150m sized search ellipsoid requires at least
4 samples from a minimum of three drill holes,
and the 400m search ellipsoid requires a
minimum of 4 samples from each of 2 drill holes.

23

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
In the Danaya domain

For personal use only

• A single domain of crisscrossed pegmatite sills
and dykes is recognised in the Danaya area. It
has not been possible to develop a set of 3D
wireframes that represent the pegmatites. A
probabilistic approach has been taken to
modelling the pegmatites.
o Based on the sectional interpretation of
pegmatites and mineralisation and the
orientations of contacts suggested by
acoustic imaging of various RC holes, a
trend surface was developed to describe
in 3 dimensions the generalised
orientations of the pegmatites, and to
provide a variable search ellipsoid
orientation.
o The distribution of pegmatite at Danaya is
modelled using ordinary kriging based on
logged pegmatite percentage of each
sample (Usually 0 or 100%) Variable
search ellipsoid directions are controlled
by the trend surface.
o Li₂O and Fe2O3 are modelled using
ordinary Kriging throughout the Danaya
deposit area using a similar approach.
o Where a block has a probability of being
pegmatite less than 0.5, the Li₂O and
Fe2O3 grades are reset to zero.
• The method was checked using swath plots to
confirm that the grade of the resulting model is
similar the grade of the input data. Although the
geological interpretation is uncertain, Indicated
Mineral Resources are defined where sufficient
drilling has provided a good correlation between
the boundaries of known and modelled
pegmatites.
• Computer software used for all aspects of the
resource estimate is Micromine 2020.
• No by-product recoveries were considered.
Fe2O3 which is deleterious to the beneficiation
process was estimated using ordinary kriging

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

24

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

•
•
•

•
•

•

•

Moisture

Cut-off
parameters

Mining factors or
assumptions

• Whether the tonnages are
estimated on a dry basis or
with natural moisture, and the
method of determination of the
moisture content.

and the same parameters as Li₂O
The parent block sized used in the north eastern
model was 5mN x 5mE x 5mRL,
The parent block size used at Danaya was 5m X,
10m Y and 5m Z.
Sub-blocking is allowed to better follow the
domain boundaries which are often oblique to
the model orientation
No assumptions about selective mining units
were made.
In the north eastern part of the resource,
wireframed mineralised domains acted as hard
boundaries within which to estimate resources.
Model validation was carried out by:
o Visually comparing block grades with
surrounding drill hole grades
o Utilizing swath plots to compare sectional
drill hole and block grades as well as grades
from previous models
o Volume comparisons between domain
wireframes and contained blocks.
o Global comparison between input grades
and block grades
No mining has taken place and so no
reconciliation data is available

• Tonnages are based on a dry basis

• The basis of the adopted cut-off • No cut off is applied to reporting. The
grade(s) or quality parameters
pegmatites generally have mineralisation from
applied.
footwall to hanging wall and will be mined in
their entirety using visual geological control to
avoid dilution at the contacts of the pegmatite.
• Assumptions made regarding
possible mining methods,
minimum mining dimensions
and internal (or, if applicable,

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

• Open cut mining using contract mining fleet and
conventional drill and blast mining methods are
envisaged in the PFS completed in 2019.
• A scoping level optimised pit shell (at US$750)

25

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation
external) mining dilution. It is
always necessary as part of the
process of determining
reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction
to consider potential mining
methods, but the assumptions
made regarding mining
methods and parameters when
estimating Mineral Resources
may not always be rigorous.
Where this is the case, this
should be reported with an
explanation of the basis of the
mining assumptions made.

Metallurgical
factors or
assumptions

Environmental
factors or
assumptions

Commentary
was developed to determine the extent of
resources that have reasonable prospects of
eventual economic extracttion.

• The basis for assumptions or
predictions regarding
metallurgical amenability. It is
always necessary as part of the
process of determining
reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction
to consider potential
metallurgical methods, but the
assumptions regarding
metallurgical treatment
processes and parameters
made when reporting Mineral
Resources may not always be
rigorous. Where this is the
case, this should be reported
with an explanation of the
basis of the metallurgical
assumptions made.

• The MRE is supported by metallurgical test work
undertaken between 2017 and 2020, by ALS,
Nagrom and others, reported to the ASX on 27th
November 2019 (Goulamina Metallurgy Test work
Surpasses Expectations); 17th September 2019
(Excellent Metallurgical Test work) and 4th July
2018 (Goulamina Updated PFS Delivers Strong
Project Outcomes). The test work programs
included comminution test work, mineralogy
using QEMSCAN, reflux classification, heavy liquid
separation and DMS test work, Flotation and
Magnetic Separation test work. A process
flowsheet was developed based on the
metallurgical test work programs. These resulted
in achieving 87% Li₂O recovery in flotation, and
overall recovery of >76% Li₂O, producing a highquality chemical grade spodumene concentrate at
>6% Li₂O. The results of the test work programs
support the DFS which will be completed in due
course.

• Assumptions made regarding
possible waste and process
residue disposal options. It is
always necessary as part of the
process of determining
reasonable prospects for

• Environmental factors and assumptions have
been studied as part of the Preliminary
Feasibility Study completed in 2019 and are
reported there.
•

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

26

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

eventual economic extraction
to consider the potential
environmental impacts of the
mining and processing
operation. While at this stage
the determination of potential
environmental impacts,
particularly for a greenfields
project, may not always be well
advanced, the status of early
consideration of these potential
environmental impacts should
be reported. Where these
aspects have not been
considered this should be
reported with an explanation of
the environmental assumptions
made.

Bulk density

Classification

• Whether assumed or
determined. If assumed, the
basis for the assumptions. If
determined, the method used,
whether wet or dry, the
frequency of the
measurements, the nature, size
and representativeness of the
samples.
• The bulk density for bulk
material must have been
measured by methods that
adequately account for void
spaces (vugs, porosity, etc),
moisture and differences
between rock and alteration
zones within the deposit.
• Discuss assumptions for bulk
density estimates used in the
evaluation process of the
different materials.

• Bulk Density determination for un-weathered
material is derived from an analysis of dry
density measurements of drill core from 14
diamond drill holes.
• Whole core was used, but neither coated nor
waxed. The rock material is not generally porous
and does not have visible voids. The application
of wax or other coating would not have a
significant impact on the estimated density of
the mineral resource.
• Weathered material is not considered as part of
this resource estimate. Bulk density is assumed
based on data from other equivalent granite
hosted deposits
• Density is assigned in the model according to
weathering horizons and rock types

• The basis for the classification
of the Mineral Resources into
varying confidence categories.

• Blocks have been classified as Measured,
Indicated or Inferred based on visual inspection
of a combination of parameters such as

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

27

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

Audits or reviews

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Whether appropriate account
has been taken of all relevant
factors (i.e. relative confidence
in tonnage/grade estimations,
reliability of input data,
confidence in continuity of
geology and metal values,
quality, quantity and
distribution of the data).
• Whether the result
appropriately reflects the
Competent Person’s view of the
deposit.

mineralised width, data spacing, interpolation
meta-data e.g. number of samples used; kriging
efficiency; slope of regression; and geological
understanding. Classification wireframes have
been smoothed so that they do not appear as
“pods” around drill holes.
• Measured resources are defined where drill hole
spacing is nominally 25m x 25m: Indicated
resources where drill hole spacing is nominally
50m x 50m, or up to 100m x 100 m where the
domain is wide: Inferred resource have limited
or sporadic drilling and are generally
extrapolated from Indicated resources.
• At Danaya, Indicated Mineral resources are
defined where the density of drilling is sufficient
that the probabilistic method of predicting the
presence of pegmatite or granite is visually
consistent with the presence of actual pegmatite
and granites intersected in drill holes.
• The Competent Person, Mr. Simon McCracken,
has prepared this resource estimate and
statement and it reflects his view of the deposit.

• The results of any audits or
reviews of Mineral Resource
estimates.

• Two third party reviews have been undertaken
by Mr Roland Bartsch, who is independent from
Mali Lithium.
• As a result of those reviews
o The resource model was rebuilt from the
ground up to eliminate some issues with
search ellipsoids
o The resource classification wireframes
have been reduced in size and made
smoother (less jagged in long section)
• A separate review of the Danaya Mineral
Resource Estimate was completed by Mr Bill
Oliver, who is independent from Mali Lithium.
• As a result of this review
o The resource classification wireframes
were made to project a consistent distance
on section from the drilling. Generally this
is 25m from drilling for Indicated Material,
and 50m from drilling for Inferred

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

28

ASX Announcement – 8 July 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

material.
Discussion of
relative
accuracy/
confidence

• Where appropriate a statement • The relative accuracy of this Mineral Resource
of the relative accuracy and
Estimate is reflected in the reporting of the
confidence level in the Mineral
estimate as Measured, Indicated, and Inferred
Resource estimate using an
Mineral Resources in accordance with the
approach or procedure deemed
guidelines of the 2012 JORC Code.
appropriate by the Competent
• The statement relates to a local estimate of
Person. For example, the
tonnes and grade but does not reflect a
application of statistical or
particularly sized SMU. The model should not be
geostatistical procedures to
used as a grade control model without addition
quantify the relative accuracy
of pit floor mapping to assist with determining
of the resource within stated
actual pegmatite contacts as opposed to
confidence limits, or, if such an
interpreted ones.
approach is not deemed
appropriate, a qualitative
discussion of the factors that
could affect the relative
accuracy and confidence of the
estimate.
• The statement should specify
whether it relates to global or
local estimates, and, if local,
state the relevant tonnages,
which should be relevant to
technical and economic
evaluation. Documentation
should include assumptions
made and the procedures used.
• These statements of relative
accuracy and confidence of the
estimate should be compared
with production data, where
available.

Mali Lithium Limited (ASX: MLL) E: info@malilithium.com

29

