For personal use only

8 July 2020
ASX RELEASE
Company Announcements Platform

MONEYME OUTPERFORMS PROSPECTUS FORECASTS AND PROVIDES BUSINESS UPDATE
MoneyMe Limited (ASX: MME) (“MoneyMe” or “Group”), is pleased to advise it has
outperformed prospectus revenue and loan origination forecasts for FY20, has launched
RentReady and agreed a strategic alliance with Cashrewards.
GROUP HIGHLIGHTS
•
•
•
•
•
•

Revenue up 50% YOY to $48m beating prospectus forecast revenue of $45.8m;
Loan originations up 52% YOY to $178m beating prospectus forecast loan originations
of $168.2m;
Strategic alliance signed with Cashrewards;
Launch of new merchant channels to sign-up customers at point of sale;
New funding facility remains on plan for completion in the current quarter; and
Customer repayment success rates maintain high with only 1.4% of receivables on
deferred payment arrangements.

Record Revenue – Outperforms Prospectus Forecast
The Group is pleased to report unaudited preliminary management revenue of $48m for FY20,
up 50% on the prior year and outperforming prospectus forecast (FY20F: $45.8m). The record
revenue for FY20 reflects stronger than forecast loan originations of $178m, up 52% on the prior
year (FY19: $116.9m).
Management expects to report strong results across its Key Operating Metrics following
completion of the audit process.
The Group is in the process of finalising its FY20 audited accounts with a scheduled release to the
ASX pre-market open on Wednesday 26th August 2020.
MoneyMe (ASX: MME) | Level 3 / 131 Macquarie Street, Sydney NSW 2000 ACN 636 747 414 | moneyme.com.au

Page 1 of 4

For personal use only

Cashrewards
The Group is also pleased to announce its strategic alliance with Cashrewards to launch a rewards
program that will allow Freestyle customers to earn cash back on purchases made online or in
store using their Mastercard at +1,400 participating merchants.
The strategic alliance will promote MoneyMe’s Freestyle product to Cashrewards +800,000
customer base. The rewards program is on track to launch pre-Christmas 2020.
RentReady
Further to the Company’s May 2020 update (refer ASX announcement of 22 May 2020),
RentReady has now officially launched. RentReady is a first to market pay later solution for
property managers and landlords to better manage the capital requirements for their investment
property.
Point of sale distribution
The Group is augmenting its distribution by expanding to merchant channels offering point of
sale payment solutions. The primary product offer is an interest free installment loan, of up to
$50,000 with a merchant fee charged upfront. The Group has established an enterprise sales
team with specialised experience in signing at point of sale merchant partners.
Funding
As advised in the Company’s announcements on 22 May and 7 July 2020, the Group is pleased to
reaffirm that the new funding facility remains on plan for completion this quarter. The new
facility will allow the Group to accelerate growth and materially improve revenue margins.
The Group’s current diversified funding structures continue to perform, with all pool parameters
well inside all covenant thresholds.
Credit Risk
The Group is continuing to originate loans with credit decision rules calibrated through its
Horizon Technology Platform, suitable for the COVID-19 environment. The Group’s targeted
approach to reducing credit risk has resulted in only 1.4% of receivables remaining on COVID-19
deferred payment arrangements.

MoneyMe (ASX: MME) | Level 3 / 131 Macquarie Street, Sydney NSW 2000 ACN 636 747 414 | moneyme.com.au

Page 2 of 4

For personal use only

In relation to this business update and beating revenue and loan origination prospectus forecasts,
Clayton Howes, MoneyMe’s Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer said:
“MoneyMe’s performance in June was outstanding and a reflection of the strong momentum
across originations, revenue, credit risk management, expanding the product set with the launch
of our newest product called RentReady, a follow up to the success of ListReady in the real estate
sector and the signing of a strategic alliance with Cashrewards.
In the midst of COVID-19, enabled by Horizon, our proprietary technology platform and
differentiator, MoneyMe’s agile decision rule calibration, deployment of new product innovation,
integration with new data sources and channel opportunities, maintaining a low operating cost
advantage and powering amazing customer satisfaction levels is testament to the strength of the
business model and high performance culture in the team”, he added.
“Management are working proactively to close the new funding facility this quarter as a priority
and I look forwarding to updating the market on this once this milestone has been achieved.”
This ASX release was authorised on behalf of the MoneyMe Board and Disclosure Committee by
Clayton Howes, Managing Director and CEO.
-ENDSFor further information please contact:
Managing Director and CEO

Company Secretary

Investor Relations

Clayton Howes

Justin Clyne

investors@moneyme.com.au

+61 2 9048 8856
justin@moneyme.com.au

MoneyMe (ASX: MME) | Level 3 / 131 Macquarie Street, Sydney NSW 2000 ACN 636 747 414 | moneyme.com.au

Page 3 of 4

For personal use only

About MoneyMe.
MoneyMe is a digital consumer credit business leveraging our technology platform (the Horizon
Technology Platform) and big data analytics to deliver an innovative loan offering to tech-savvy
consumers.
Founded in 2013, we originate consumer loans through our risk-based lending platform to tech-savvy
consumers who are seeking fast, convenient and simple access to credit direct from their mobile devices.
Our technology platform allows applications to be completed within approximately five minutes and funds
to be disbursed, or credit limits to be available, to the customer shortly after approval.

MoneyMe (ASX: MME) | Level 3 / 131 Macquarie Street, Sydney NSW 2000 ACN 636 747 414 | moneyme.com.au

Page 4 of 4

