For personal use only

MATADOR MINING LIMITED
ACN 612 912 393
PROSPECTUS
This Prospectus is being issued for the offer of 100 Shares at an issue price of $0.405
per Share. This Prospectus has been issued for the primary purpose of removing any
trading restrictions on Shares issued prior to the Closing Date in accordance with
section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act.

THIS IS AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. IT
SHOULD BE READ IN ITS ENTIRETY.
IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT ABOUT WHAT TO DO, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR PROFESSIONAL
ADVISER WITHOUT DELAY.

THE SECURITIES OFFERED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PROSPECTUS ARE OF A
SPECULATIVE NATURE.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

For personal use only

This Prospectus is dated 8 July 2020 and was lodged with ASIC on that date with the consent of
all Directors. Neither ASIC nor ASX nor their respective officers take any responsibility for the
contents of this Prospectus.
No Securities will be issued on the basis of this Prospectus any later than 13 months after the
date of this Prospectus (being the expiry date of this Prospectus).
The Securities offered by this Prospectus should be considered speculative. The Company will
apply for Official Quotation by ASX of the Shares offered by this Prospectus.
A copy of this Prospectus is available for inspection at the registered office of the Company at
Level 1, Emerald House, 1202 Hay Street, West Perth, Western Australia, during normal business
hours. The Company will provide a copy of this Prospectus to any person on request. The
Company will also provide copies of other documents on request (see Section 4.4). The
Prospectus will also be made available in electronic form. The Offer is only available to those
who are personally invited to apply for Securities under the Offer. Applications for Securities
under the Offer can only be submitted on an original Application Form which accompanies this
Prospectus.
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation in connection
with the Offer which is not contained in this Prospectus. Any information or representation not
so contained may not be relied on as having been authorised by the Company in connection
with the Offer. The distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions outside Australia may be
restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should seek
advice on and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may
constitute a violation of those laws. This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of Securities
in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, it would be unlawful to issue this
Prospectus.
Definitions of certain terms used in this Prospectus are contained in Section 6. All references
to currency are to Australian dollars and all references to time are to WST unless otherwise
indicated. Revenues and expenditures disclosed in this Prospectus are recognised exclusive of
the amount of goods and services tax, unless otherwise disclosed.

CORPORATE DIRECTORY

For personal use only

Directors
Ian Murray
Keith Bowes
Justin Osborne

Executive Director
Executive Director
Non-Executive Director

Company Secretary
Stuart McKenzie
Registered and Principal Office
Level 1, Emerald House
1202 Hay Street
West Perth WA 6005
Phone:
Email:
Website:

Share Registry*
Automic Registry Services
Level 5, 126 Philip Street
Sydney, NSW, 2000 Australia
Auditor*
Bentleys (WA) Pty Ltd
216 St Georges Tce
Perth WA 6000

+61 8 6117 0478
info@matadormining.com.au
www.matadormining.com.au

ASX Code: MZZ, MZZO

* These entities are included for information purposes only. They have not been involved in the
preparation of this Prospectus.

INDICATIVE TIMETABLE

For personal use only

Event

Date

Lodgement of Prospectus with ASIC and ASX

8 July 2020

Opening Date of Offer

8 July 2020

Issue of Offer Shares
Closing Date of Offer (5:00pm WST)

10 July 2020
8 October 2020

These dates are indicative only and subject to change. Subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing
Rules, the Directors reserve the right to vary these dates, including the Closing Date, without prior
notice.

INVESTMENT OVERVIEW
This Section is intended to highlight key information for potential investors. It is an overview only
and is not intended to replace the Prospectus. Potential investors should read the Prospectus in full
before deciding to invest in Securities.
Further
Information

Transaction specific prospectus

-

For personal use only

Key Information

This Prospectus is a transaction specific prospectus for an offer of continuously
quoted securities (as defined in the Corporations Act) and has been prepared
in accordance with section 713 of the Corporations Act. It does not contain the
same level of disclosure as an initial public offering prospectus. In making
representations in this Prospectus regard has been had to the fact that the
Company is a disclosing entity for the purposes of the Corporations Act and
certain matters may reasonably be expected to be known to investors and
professional advisers whom potential investors may consult.
Risk factors

Section 3

Potential investors should be aware that subscribing for Securities in the
Company involves a number of risks. The key risk factors of which investors
should be aware are in Section 3, including (but not limited to) risks in respect
of:


Future capital needs: Further funding will be required by the Company to
support its ongoing activities and operations. There can be no assurance
that such funding will be available on satisfactory terms or at all.



Sovereign risks: The Company will be subject to the risks associated in
operating in a foreign country. These risks include ability to obtain key
approvals on a timely basis, economic, social or political instability or
change, changes of law affecting foreign ownership, taxation, working
conditions, rates of exchange, exchange control, exploration licensing,
export duties, repatriation of income or return of capital, environmental
protection and labour relations



Exploration risk: Mineral exploration is a high-risk undertaking. There can
be no assurance that further exploration on the Company's projects will
result in the discovery of an economic ore deposit.



Development risk: Future development of a mining operation is
dependent on many factors and risks outside of the Company’s control
which may disrupt the Company’s proposed operations and result in
increased costs. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve
commercial viability through the development or mining of its projects.



General market risks: The Company is exposed to general market and
economic condition risks including adverse changes in levels of economic
activity, exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices, government
policies, employment rates and industrial disruption.

Offer
This Prospectus is for an offer of 100 Shares to selected investors at an issue
price of $0.405 each.

Section 1.1

Key Information

Further
Information

For personal use only

The primary purpose of this Prospectus is to remove any trading restrictions on
Shares issued prior to the Closing Date (including the Placement Shares, and
Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of options).
Effect of the Offer

Section 2

The Offer will result in the issued capital of the Company increasing by 100
Shares.
It is not expected that the Offer will have any effect on the control of the
Company.
After paying the expenses of the Offer of approximately $4,306, there will be
no proceeds from the Offer. The expenses of the Offer will be met from the
Company's existing cash reserves. The Offer will have a nominal effect on the
Company's financial position of reducing the cash balance by the costs of the
Offer.
Directors' interests in Securities

Section 4.10(b)

The relevant interest of each of the Directors in Securities as at the date of
this Prospectus is set out in the table below:
Director

Shares

Options

1,000,000

4,000,000

Keith Bowes

190,000

1,456,000

Justin Osborne

350,000

-

Ian Murray

Further details of the Directors' Security holdings are in Section 4.10(b).

Key Information

Further
Information

Forward looking statements

Section 3

For personal use only

This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements which are identified by
words such as 'may', 'could', 'believes', 'estimates', 'targets', 'expects', or
'intends' and other similar words that involve risks and uncertainties.
These statements are based on an assessment of present economic and
operating conditions, and on a number of assumptions regarding future events
and actions that, as at the date of this Prospectus, are considered reasonable.
Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other
important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, the
Directors and the management.
The Directors cannot and do not give any assurance that the results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Prospectus will actually occur and investors are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
The Directors have no intention to update or revise forward-looking
statements, or to publish prospective financial information in the future,
regardless of whether new information, future events or any other factors
affect the information contained in this Prospectus, except where required by
law.
These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors that could
cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed or anticipated in these statements. These risk factors are set out in
Section 3.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

For personal use only

Section

Page No

1.

Details of the Offer..................................................................... 1

2.

Effect of the Offer...................................................................... 5

3.

Risk Factors .............................................................................. 7

4.

Additional information ...............................................................13

5.

Directors' Statement and Consent .................................................23

6.

Glossary of Terms .....................................................................24

For personal use only

1.

Details of the Offer

1.1

Summary of the Offer
The Company is offering, pursuant to this Prospectus, 100 Shares at an issue price of
$0.405 each (Offer).
The Offer will only be extended to specific parties on invitation of the Directors.
Application Forms will only be provided by the Company to these parties.
Shares issued under the Offer (Offer Shares) will be issued as fully paid ordinary shares
and will rank equally in all respect with the existing Shares on issue. Refer to
Section 4.1 for a summary of the rights and liabilities attaching to the Shares under
the Offer.
$45.00 will be raised under the Offer assuming it is fully subscribed. The total
estimated expenses of the Offer of $3,206 will be paid by the Company from its cash
reserves.

1.2

Proposed issue of Shares
(a)

Issue of 21,428,571 shares
The Company also intends to issue 21,428,571 Shares (Flow Through Shares)
pursuant to a placement of Shares to accredited investors in Canada.
The Flow Through Shares are intended to be issued on or about 8 July 2020
and before the Offer under this Prospectus is closed.
Further information on the issue of the Flow Through Shares is available in
section 4.2.

1.3

Purpose of the Prospectus
Generally, section 707(3) of the Corporations Act requires that a prospectus is issued
in order for a person to whom securities were issued without disclosure under Part 6D
of the Corporations Act to on-sell those securities within 12 months of the date of their
issue.
Section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act provides an exception to section 707(3) where
an entity issues a 'cleansing' notice under section 708A(5). The Company has been
suspended from trading on the ASX for more than 5 days in the last 12 months and as
a result is precluded from issuing a 'cleansing' notice in accordance with
section 708A(5) of the Corporations Act.
Section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act provides another exemption from the general
requirement under section 707(3) where:
(a)

the relevant securities are in a class of securities of the company that are
already quoted on ASX;

(b)

a prospectus is lodged with ASIC either:
(i)

on or after the day on which the relevant securities were issued but
before the day on which the sale offer is made; or

1

(ii)

For personal use only

(c)

before the day on which the relevant securities are issued and offers
of securities that have been made under the prospectus are still open
for acceptance on the day on which the relevant securities were
issued; and

the prospectus is for an offer of securities issued by the Company that are in
the same class of securities as the relevant securities.

Accordingly, the purposes of this Prospectus are to:

1.4

(a)

make the Offer; and

(b)

ensure that any on-sale of the Shares issued by the Company prior to the
Closing Date, including the Placement Shares, do not breach section 707(3) of
the Corporations Act.

Closing Date
The Closing Date for the Offer is 8 October 2020. The Company reserves the right,
subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules to extend or shorten the Closing
Date without prior notice. If the Closing Date is varied, subsequent dates may also be
varied accordingly.

1.5

Underwriting and minimum subscription
There is no minimum subscription for the Offer and the Offer is not underwritten.

1.6

Application Forms
The Offer of Shares is being extended to investors who are invited by the Company to
subscribe for Shares and is not open to the general public. The Company may determine
in its discretion whether to accept any or all Applications.
Applications must be made using the Application Form attached to this Prospectus. To
the maximum extent permitted by law, the Directors will have discretion over which
Applications to accept.
Completed Application Forms must be received by the Company prior to the Closing
Date. Application Forms should be delivered to the Company in accordance with the
instructions on the Application Form.
If you are in doubt as to the course of action, you should consult your professional
advisor.
Acceptance of a completed Application Form by the Company creates a legally binding
contract between the Applicant and the Company for the number of Shares accepted
by the Company. The Application Form does not need to be signed to be a binding
acceptance of the Shares under the Offer.
If the Application Form is not completed correctly it may still be treated as valid. The
Directors' decision as to whether to treat the acceptance as valid and how to construe,
amend or complete the Application Form, is final.

1.7

Issue and dispatch
Subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, the Company intends to issue
the Shares subscribed for under the Offer on or about 6 October 2020.
2

Shareholder statements will be dispatched as soon as possible after the issue of the
Securities under the Offer.

For personal use only

1.8

Application Monies held on trust
All Application Monies received for the Shares will be held on trust in a bank account
maintained solely for the purpose of depositing Application Monies received pursuant
to this Prospectus until the Shares are issued. All Application Monies will be returned
(without interest) if the Shares are not issued.

1.9

ASX quotation
Application will be made to ASX no later than 7 days after the date of this Prospectus
for official quotation of the Shares under the Offer. If permission is not granted by ASX
for the Official Quotation of the Shares offered by this Prospectus within 3 months
after the date of this Prospectus (or such period as the ASX allows), the Company will
repay, as soon as practicable, without interest, all Application Monies received
pursuant to this Prospectus.

1.10

CHESS
The Company participates in the Clearing House Electronic Sub-register System, known
as CHESS. ASX Settlement, a wholly owned subsidiary of ASX, operates CHESS in
accordance with the Listing Rules and the ASX Settlement Operating Rules.
Under CHESS, Applicants will not receive a certificate but will receive a statement of
their holding of Shares.
If you are broker sponsored, ASX Settlement will send you a CHESS statement.
The CHESS statement will specify the number of Shares issued under this Prospectus,
provide details of your holder identification number, the participant identification
number of the sponsor and the terms and conditions applicable to the Shares.
If you are registered on the Issuer Sponsored sub-register, your statement will be
despatched by the Share Registry and will contain the number of Shares issued to you
under this Prospectus and your security holder reference number.
A CHESS statement or Issuer Sponsored statement will routinely be sent to Shareholders
at the end of any calendar month during which the balance of their Shareholding
changes. Shareholders may request a statement at any other time; however, a charge
may be made for additional statements.

1.11

Residents outside Australia
This Prospectus and an accompanying Application Form do not, and are not intended
to, constitute an offer of Shares in any place or jurisdiction in which, or to any person
to whom, it would not be lawful to make such an offer or to issue this Prospectus. The
distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by
law and persons who come into possession of this Prospectus should seek advice on and
observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may
constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.

3

1.12

Risk factors
An investment in Shares should be regarded as speculative. In addition to the general
risks applicable to all investments in securities, there are certain specific risks
associated with an investment in the Company which are detailed in Section 3.

For personal use only

1.13

Taxation implications
The Directors do not consider it appropriate to give Applicants advice regarding the
taxation consequences of subscribing for Shares under this Prospectus.
The Company, its advisers and its officers do not accept any responsibility or liability
for any such taxation consequences to Applicants. As a result, Applicants should consult
their professional tax adviser in connection with subscribing for Shares under this
Prospectus.

1.14

Major activities and financial information
A summary of the major activities and financial information relating to the Company
can be found in the Company's Annual Financial Report for the financial year ended
30 June 2019 lodged with ASX on 27 September 2019. Further information is available
in the Company’s half-year report for the six months ended 31 December 2019 that
were lodged with ASX on 13 March 2020.
For completeness, Section 4.4 contains an outline of the continuous disclosure notices
(i.e. ASX announcements) made by the Company since the lodgement of its previous
Annual Financial Report on 27 September 2019.
Copies of these documents are available free of charge from the Company. The
Directors strongly recommend that Applicants review these and all other
announcements prior to deciding whether or not to participate in the Offer.

1.15

Privacy
Applicants will be providing personal information to the Company (directly or by the
Share Registry) on the Application Form. The Company collects, holds and will use that
information to assess the Acceptance, service Shareholders' needs, facilitate
distribution payments and corporate communications to Shareholders, and carry out
administration.
The information may also be used from time to time and disclosed to persons inspecting
the register, bidders for Shares in the context of takeovers, regulatory bodies,
including the Australian Taxation Office, authorised securities brokers, print service
providers, mail houses and the Share Registry.
Shareholders can access, correct and update the personal information the Company
holds about them by contacting the Company or the Share Registry at the relevant
contact numbers set out in this Prospectus. Collection, maintenance and disclosure of
certain personal information is governed by legislation including the Privacy Act 1988
(Cth) (as amended), the Corporations Act and certain rules such as the ASX Settlement
Operating Rules.
Applicants should note that if they do not provide the information required on
Application Form, the Company may not be able to accept or process their Application.

4

1.16

Enquiries concerning Prospectus

For personal use only

Enquiries
should
be
directed
smckenzie@matadormining.com.au.

to

the

2.

Effect of the Offer

2.1

Capital structure on completion of the Offer1
Shares

Company

Unquoted
Options2

Balance at the date of
this Prospectus

126,753,032

Maximum number of
Shares to be issued
pursuant to issue of
flow through shares

21,428,571

Maximum number of
Shares to be issued
under the Offer

100

TOTAL3

148,181,703

Secretary

on

Quoted
Options3

55,178,448

15,520,000

55,178,448

15,520,000

Notes:

2.2

1.

Assumes that no further Securities are issued or Options exercised into Shares.

2.

Exercisable at prices ranging from Nil to $0.70 each, with expiry dates ranging from 26 July 2020 to
1 July 2024. Details of outstanding options are available in the Appendix 2A dated 8 July 2020.

3.

Exercisable at $0.20, expiring 30 August 2020.

Financial effect of the Offer
After paying the expenses of the Offer, there will be no proceeds from the Offer. The
expenses of the Offer will be met from the Company's existing cash reserves. The Offer
will have a nominal effect on the Company's financial position of reducing the cash
balance by the costs of the Offer.
Please refer to Section 4.13 for further details on the estimated expenses of the Offer.
An unaudited pro-forma balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 showing the effect of
the Placement and Offer is set out below.

5

31-Dec

Capital
raising

Capital
raising
costs

Proforma
Balance
Sheet

$’000

$’000

$’000

For personal use only

2019
$’000
CURRENT ASSETS

58

8,698
-

460
-

359

-

-

359

1,047

8,698

-460

9,285

14,475

-

-

14,475

65

-

-

65

14,540

0

0

14,540

15,587

8,698

-460

23,825

2,064

-

-

2,064

2,064

0

0

2,064

2,064

0

0

2,064

13,523

8,698

-460

21,761

3,629

8,698
-

460
-

Transaction with minority
shareholders

-4,176

-

-

-4,176

Accumulated losses

-6,197

-

-

-6,197

13,523

8,698

-460

21,761

Cash and cash equivalents

630

Other financial assets
Trade and other
receivables
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS

8867.857
58

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Exploration and evaluation
expenditure assets
Plant and equipment
TOTAL NON-CURRENT
ASSETS
TOTAL ASSETS
CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables
TOTAL CURRENT
LIABILITIES
TOTAL LIABILITIES
NET ASSETS
EQUITY
Contributed equity
Reserves

TOTAL EQUITY

2.3

20,267

28,505
3,629

Effect of the Offer on control of the Company
The Company is of the view that the Offer will not affect the control (as defined by
section 50AA of the Corporations Act) of the Company. No new investor or existing
Shareholder will have a voting power greater than 20% as a result of the completion of
the Offer.

6

For personal use only

3.

Risk Factors
The Shares offered under this Prospectus should be considered speculative because of
the nature of the business activities of the Company. Potential investors should
consider whether the Shares offered are a suitable investment having regard to their
own personal investment objectives and financial circumstances and the risk factors
set out below. This list is not exhaustive and potential investors should read this
Prospectus in its entirety and if in any doubt consult their professional adviser before
deciding whether to participate in the Offer.
The principal risks include, but are not limited to, the following:

3.1

Risks specific to the Company
(a)

Future capital requirements
The Company has finite financial resources and currently has no cash flow
from producing assets. As such, the Company will require additional financing
in order to meet its minimum expenditure commitments for its tenements and
to implement the Company's strategy.
The Company will require further financing in the future, in addition to
amounts raised pursuant to the Placement and this Offer. Any additional
equity financing may be dilutive to Shareholders, may be undertaken at lower
prices than the current market price (or the Offer price) or may involve
restrictive covenants which limit the Company's operations and business
strategy. Debt financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing
and operating activities.
Although the Directors believe that additional capital can be obtained, no
assurances can be made that appropriate capital or funding, if and when
needed, will be available on terms favourable to the Company or at all. If the
Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be
required to reduce the scope of its operations and this could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's activities and could affect the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company may undertake additional offerings of Shares and of securities
convertible into Shares in the future. The increase in the number of Shares
issued and outstanding and the possibility of sales of such shares may have a
depressive effect on the price of Shares. In addition, as a result of such
additional Shares, the voting power of the Company’s existing shareholders
will be diluted.

(b)

Joint Venture Parties, Agents and Contractors
The Directors are unable to predict the risk of financial failure or default by
a participant in any joint venture to which the Company is or may become a
party. Further, the Company is unable to predict the risk of insolvency or
managerial failure by any of the contractors used by the Company in any of
its activities or the insolvency or other managerial failure by any of the other
service providers used by the Company for any activity. The effects of such
failures may have an adverse effect on the Company's operations.

7

For personal use only

(c)

Governmental approvals
Exploration and mining activities are dependent upon the grant of appropriate
licences, concessions, leases, permits and regulatory consents, which may be
withdrawn or made subject to limitations. The maintaining of tenements,
obtaining renewals, or getting tenements granted often depends on the
Company being successful in obtaining statutory approvals for the proposed
activities and that the licences, concessions, leases, permits or regulatory
consents the Company holds will be renewed as and when required. There is
no assurance that such renewals will be given as a matter of course and there
is no assurance that new conditions will not be imposed in connection
therewith.

(d)

Sovereign risks
The Company will be subject to the risks associated in operating in a foreign
country. These risks include ability to obtain key approvals on a timely basis,
economic, social or political instability or change, changes of law affecting
foreign ownership, taxation, working conditions, rates of exchange, exchange
control, exploration licensing, export duties, repatriation of income or return
of capital, environmental protection and labour relations.
The Company and its advisers will undertake all reasonable due diligence in
assessing and managing the risks associated with mineral exploration and
production in Newfoundland, Canada. However, any future material adverse
changes in government policies or legislation in foreign jurisdictions in which
the Company may have projects is outside the control of the Company. Such
changes may affect the foreign ownership, exploration, development or
activities of companies involved in mining exploration and production and in
turn may affect the viability and profitability of the Company.

(e)

Environmental risk
The Company's projects are subject to certain regulations regarding
environmental matters. The governments and other authorities that
administer and enforce environmental laws determine these requirements. As
with all exploration projects and mining operations, the Company's activities
are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if mine
development proceeds. The Company intends to conduct its activities in an
environmentally responsible manner and in accordance with applicable laws.
The cost and complexity of complying with the applicable environmental laws
and regulations may prevent the Company from being able to develop
potentially economically viable mineral deposits. Further, the Company may
require additional approvals from the relevant authorities before it can
undertake activities that are likely to impact the environment. Failure to
obtain such approvals will prevent the Company from undertaking its desired
activities. The Company is unable to predict the effect of additional
environmental laws and regulations, which may be adopted in the future,
including whether any such laws or regulations would materially increase the
Company's cost of doing business or affect its operations in any area.
There can be no assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or
stricter enforcement policies, once implemented, will not oblige the Company
to incur significant expenses and undertake significant investments in such
respect which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
financial condition and results of operations.
8

(f)

Force majeure

For personal use only

The Company's projects may be adversely affected by risks outside the control
of the Company including labour unrest, civil disorder, war, subversive
activities or sabotage, fires, floods, explosions or other catastrophes,
epidemics or quarantine restrictions.
(g)

Community risks
The Company’s activities at its exploration licences in Canada may draw the
negative attention of local communities. While the Company engages with
local communities and local regulatory bodies, there is a risk that the reaction
of local communities may have an adverse impact on the Company’s capacity
to carry out exploration at its exploration licences in Canada.

(h)

New projects and acquisitions
The Company may make acquisitions in the future as part of future growth
plans. In this regard, the Directors of the Company will use their expertise and
experience in the resources sector to assess the value of potential projects
that have characteristics that are likely to provide returns to shareholders.
There can be no guarantee that any new project acquisition or investment will
eventuate from these pursuits, or that any acquisitions will result in a return
for Shareholders. Such acquisitions may result in use of the Company's cash
resources and issuances of equity securities, which might involve a substantial
dilution to Shareholders.

(i)

Climate change risk
Climate change is a risk the Company has considered, particularly related to
its operations in the exploration and mining industry. Climate change risks
attributable to the Company include:

3.2

(i)

the emergence of new expanded regulations associated with
transitioning to a lower carbon economy and market changes related
to climate mitigation. The Company may be impacted by changes to
local or international compliance regulations related to climate
change mitigation efforts; and

(ii)

climate change may cause certain physical and environmental risks
that cannot be predicted by the Company, including events such as
increased severity of weather patterns and incidence of extreme
weather events. All these risks associated with climate change may
significantly change the industry in which the Company operates.

Mining Industry Risks
(a)

Exploration, development mining and processing risks
The exploration licences of the Company are at various stages of exploration,
and potential investors should understand that mineral exploration and
development are high-risk undertakings. There can be no assurance that
exploration of these licences, or any other licences that may be acquired in
the future, will result in the discovery of an economic ore deposit. Even if an
apparently viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee that it can be
economically exploited.

9

For personal use only

The future exploration activities of the Company may be affected by a wide
range of factors including geological conditions, limitations on activities due
to seasonal weather patterns, unanticipated operational and technical
difficulties, industrial and environmental accidents, tribal and traditional
ownership processes, changing government regulations and many other
factors beyond the control of the Company.
The success of the Company will also depend on the Company having access
to sufficient development capital to allow for progressing exploration
opportunities towards mining operations, being able to maintain title to its
licences and obtaining all required approvals for its activities. In the event
that exploration programmes prove to be unsuccessful, this could lead to a
diminution in the value of the licences, a reduction in the base reserves of the
Company and possible relinquishment of the licences.
Each of the Company's licences and permits are for a specific term and carry
with them annual expenditure and reporting commitments, as well as other
conditions requiring compliance. Consequently, the Company could lose title
to or its interest in these tenements if licence conditions are not met or
insufficient funds are available to meet expenditure commitments.
The exploration costs of the Company are based on certain assumptions with
respect to method and timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates
and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties and, accordingly, the
actual costs may materially differ from these estimates and assumptions.
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the cost estimates and the
underlying assumptions will be realised in practice, which may materially
affect the Company's viability.
(b)

Estimation of Mineral Resources and Ore Resources
There is a degree of uncertainty to the estimation of Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves and corresponding grades being mined or dedicated to future
production. Until Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves are actually mined and
processed, the quantity of Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves must be
considered as estimates only. In addition, the grade of Mineral Resources and
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves estimates may vary depending on, among
other things, metal prices. Any material change in quantity and grades of
Mineral Resources, Ore Reserves, or stripping ratio may affect the economic
viability of the properties. In addition, there can be no assurance that metal
recoveries in small-scale laboratory tests will be duplicated in larger scale
tests under on-site conditions or during production.
Fluctuation in the prices of gold, base or precious metals, results of drilling,
metallurgical testing and the evaluation of mine plans subsequent to the date
of any estimate may require revision of such estimate. Any material
reductions in estimates of Mineral Resources and / or Ore Reserves, could have
a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition.

(c)

Metallurgical Risks
The economic viability of base metal and gold recovery depends on a number
of factors such as the development of an economic process route for metal
concentrates. Further, changes in mineralogy may result in inconsistent metal
recovery.

10

For personal use only

(d)

Commodity price volatility and exchange rate risk
If the Company achieves success leading to mineral production, the revenue
it will derive through the sale of product exposes the potential income of the
Company to commodity prices and exchange rate risks. Commodity prices
fluctuate and are affected by many factors beyond the control of the
Company. Such factors include supply and demand for minerals, technological
advancements, forward selling activities and other macro-economic factors.
Furthermore, prices of various commodities and services may be denominated
in United States dollars or other foreign currencies including those of Canada,
whereas the income and expenditure of the Company are and will be taken
into account in Australian currency, exposing the Company to the fluctuations
and volatility of the rate of exchange between the United States dollar and
the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar against the Australian dollar as
determined in international markets.

(e)

Competition risk
The industry in which the Company is involved is subject to domestic and
global competition. Although the Company undertakes all reasonable due
diligence in its business decisions and operations, the Company has no
influence or control over the activities or actions of its competitors, which
activities or actions may, positively or negatively, affect the operating and
financial performance of the Company's projects and business.

3.3

General risks
(a)

Market conditions
The market price of the Company's Securities can fall as well as rise and may
be subject to varied and unpredictable influences on the market for equities
in general and resource exploration stocks in particular.
Further, share market conditions may affect the value of the Company's
quoted Securities regardless of the Company's operating performance. Share
market conditions are affected by many factors, including without limitation:
general economic outlook; interest rates and inflation rates; currency
fluctuations; changes in investor sentiment; the demand for, and supply of,
capital; international political developments and terrorism or other
hostilities.
Neither the Company nor the Directors warrant the future performance of the
Company or any return on an investment in the Company.

(b)

Government and legal risk
Changes in government, monetary policies, taxation and other laws can have
a significant impact on the Company's assets, operations and ultimately the
financial performance of the Company and its Securities. Such changes are
likely to be beyond the control of the Company and may affect industry
profitability as well as the Company's capacity to explore and mine.
The Company is not aware of any reviews or changes that would affect its
current or proposed permits. However, changes in political and community
attitudes on matters such as taxation, competition policy and environmental
issues may bring about reviews and possibly changes in government policies.
There is a risk that such changes may affect the Company's exploration and/or
11

development plans or its rights and obligations in respect of its permits. Any
such government action may also require increased capital or operating
expenditures and could prevent or delay certain operations by the Company.

For personal use only

(c)

Litigation risks
The Company is exposed to possible litigation risks including native title
claims, tenure disputes, environmental claims, occupational health and safety
claims and employee claims. Further, the Company may be involved in
disputes with other parties in the future which may result in litigation. Any
such claim or dispute if proven, may impact adversely on the Company's
operations, financial performance and financial position. The Company is not
currently engaged in any litigation.

(d)

Insurance risks
The Company intends to insure its operations in accordance with industry
practice. However, in certain circumstances, the Company's insurance may
not be of a nature or level to provide adequate insurance cover. The
occurrence of an event that is not covered or fully covered by insurance could
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results
of the Company. Insurance against all risks associated with mining exploration
and production is not always available and where available the costs can be
prohibitive.

(e)

Taxation
The acquisition and disposal of Securities will have tax consequences, which
will differ depending on the individual financial affairs of each investor. All
potential investors in the Company are urged to obtain independent financial
advice about the consequences of acquiring Securities from a taxation point
of view and generally. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the
Company, its officers and each of their respective advisers accept no liability
and responsibility with respect to the taxation consequences of applying for
Securities under this Prospectus.

3.4

Investment speculative
The above list of risk factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the risks faced by
the Company or by investors in the Company. The above factors, and others not
specifically referred to above, may in the future materially affect the financial
performance of the Company and the value of the Securities offered under this
Prospectus. Therefore, the Securities to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus carry no
guarantee with respect to the payment of dividends, returns of capital or the market
value of those Securities. Potential investors should consider that the investment in
the Company is highly speculative and should consult their professional advisers before
deciding whether to apply for Securities pursuant to this Prospectus.

12

For personal use only

4.

Additional information

4.1

Rights and liabilities attaching to Shares
The following is a summary of the more material rights and liabilities attaching to the
Shares offered pursuant to this Prospectus. This summary is not exhaustive and does
not constitute a definitive statement of the rights and liabilities of Shareholders. To
obtain such a statement, persons should seek independent legal advice.
Full details of the rights and liabilities attaching to Shares are in the Constitution, a
copy of which is available for inspection at the Company’s registered office during
normal business hours.
(a)

General meetings
Shareholders are entitled to be present in person, or by proxy, attorney or
representative to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company.
Shareholders may requisition meetings in accordance with section 249D of the
Corporations Act and the Constitution of the Company.

(b)

Voting rights
Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class
or classes of shares, at general meetings of Shareholders or classes of
shareholders:

(c)

(i)

each Shareholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy,
attorney or representative;

(ii)

on a show of hands, every person present who is a Shareholder or a
proxy, attorney or representative of a Shareholder has one vote; and

(iii)

on a poll, every person present who is a Shareholder or a proxy,
attorney or representative of a Shareholder shall, in respect of each
fully paid Share held by him, or in respect of which he is appointed a
proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for each Share held,
but in respect of partly paid shares shall have such number of votes
as bears the same proportion to the total of such Shares registered in
the Shareholder’s name as the amount paid (not credited) bears to
the total amounts paid and payable (excluding amounts credited).

Dividend rights
Subject to the rights of any preference Shareholders and to the rights of the
holders of any shares created or raised under any special arrangement as to
dividend, the Directors may from time to time declare a dividend to be paid
to the Shareholders entitled to the dividend which shall be payable on all
Shares according to the proportion that the amount paid (not credited) is of
the total amounts paid and payable (excluding amounts credited) in respect
of such Shares.
The Directors may from time to time pay to the Shareholders any interim
dividends as they may determine. No dividend shall carry interest as against
the Company. The Directors may set aside out of the profits of the Company
any amounts that they may determine as reserves, to be applied at the

13

discretion of the Directors, for any purpose for which the profits of the
Company may be properly applied.

For personal use only

Subject to the Listing Rules and the Corporations Act, the Company may, by
resolution of the Directors, implement a dividend reinvestment plan on such
terms and conditions as the Directors think fit.
(d)

Winding-up
If the Company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the authority of a special
resolution, divide among the shareholders in kind the whole or any part of the
property of the Company, and may for that purpose set such value as he or
she considers fair upon any property to be so divided, and may determine how
the division is to be carried out as between the Shareholders or different
classes of Shareholders.

(e)

Shareholder liability
As the Shares under the Prospectus are fully paid shares, they will not be
subject to any calls for money by the Directors and will therefore not become
liable for forfeiture.

(f)

Transfer of Shares
Generally, Shares in the Company are freely transferable, subject to formal
requirements, the registration of the transfer not resulting in a contravention
of or failure to observe the provisions of a law of Australia and the transfer
not being in breach of the Corporations Act or the Listing Rules.

(g)

Future increase in capital
The issue of any new Shares is under the control of the Board of the Company
as appointed from time to time. Subject to restrictions on the issue or grant
of Securities contained in the Listing Rules, the Constitution and the
Corporations Act (and without affecting any special right previously conferred
on the holder of an existing Share or class of shares), the Directors may issue
Shares and other Securities as they shall, in their absolute discretion,
determine.

(h)

Variation of rights
Under section 246B of the Corporations Act, the Company may, with the
sanction of a special resolution passed at a meeting of Shareholders vary or
abrogate the rights attaching to Shares.
If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the
rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue
of the shares of that class) may be varied or abrogated with the consent in
writing of the holders of three quarters of the issued shares of that class, or
if authorised by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the
holders of the shares of that class.

(i)

Alteration of Constitution
In accordance with the Corporations Act, the Constitution can only be
amended by a special resolution passed by at least three quarters of votes
validly cast for Shares at the general meeting. In addition, at least 28 days

14

written notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special
resolution must be given.

For personal use only

4.2

Flow through shares
The term “flow-through share” is a defined term in the Income Tax Act (Canada) (ITA)
and is not a special type of share under corporate law. In this case, the term “flowthrough share” refers to an ordinary share that will be issued by the Company to an
investor under a written agreement with the investor under which the Company agrees
to incur certain Canadian exploration expenses, and to renounce an amount to the
investor in respect of those Canadian exploration expenses. If the Company and the
investor comply with the rules in the ITA, the investor will be entitled to deduct the
amount renounced in computing the investor’s income for Canadian income tax
purposes and as a result, the flow-through shares can be issued at a higher price.
PearTree Securities Inc. (Peartree) has agreed with Matador to source eligible
investors to complete the issue of the flow-through shares, which will result in the
issuance by Matador of ordinary shares that will be “flow-through shares” as defined
in the ITA (the Flow-Through Shares).
Peartree, acting as agent for its clients (Buyers), will enter into subscription
agreements (the Subscription Agreements) with the Company pursuant to which the
Buyers will subscribe and pay for the Flow-Through Shares. The Company will issue
those shares in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) to ensure the FlowThrough Shares are freely tradeable.
The issue price of $0.405 per share represents a 28.5% premium to the last closing
price and a 44.6% premium to the 15-day VWAP. The Company was able to issue the
Placement shares at a premium, as they were issued as Canadian charity flow-through
shares, which provides tax incentives to those investors for expenditures that qualify
as flow through mining expenditures under the ITA.
Shaw and Partners Limited (Shaw) has been engaged by Matador as financial advisor
in relation to the issue of the Flow Through Shares and to provide Matador with ongoing
capital markets and general corporate advice in relation to Matador’s capital
management and market facing strategies.
In connection with an agreement between Shaw and Peartree, the Company
understands that:

4.3

(a)

Shaw will facilitate the sale of shares from the charitable beneficiaries to
Australian investors by way of a block trade (Block Trade), with Shaw engaged
by Peartree as agent for such charitable beneficiaries on terms required by
Shaw for that separate engagement.

(b)

The bookbuild clearing price (Bookbuild Price) is set with reference to a
discount to the closing price on the day MZZ shares last traded.

Company is a disclosing entity
The Company is a disclosing entity under the Corporations Act. It is subject to regular
reporting and disclosure obligations under both the Corporations Act and the Listing
Rules. These obligations require the Company to notify ASX of information about
specific events and matters as they arise for the purpose of ASX making the information
available to the securities market conducted by ASX. In particular, the Company has
an obligation under the Listing Rules (subject to certain limited exceptions), to notify
ASX once it is, or becomes aware of information concerning the Company which a
15

For personal use only

reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the
Shares.
The Company is also required to prepare and lodge with ASIC yearly and half-yearly
financial statements accompanied by a Directors' statement and report, and an audit
review or report. Copies of documents lodged with ASIC in relation to the Company
may be obtained from, or inspected at, an ASIC office (see Section 4.4 below). Copies
of all documents announced to the ASX can be found on the Company's website.

4.4

Copies of documents
Copies of documents lodged by the Company in connection with its reporting and
disclosure obligations may be obtained from, or inspected at, an office of ASIC. The
Company will provide free of charge to any person who requests it during the period
of the Offer a copy of:
(a)

the financial statements of the Company for the half year period ending 31
December 2020 and financial year ended 30 June 2019, being the last two
financial statements of the Company lodged with ASIC before the issue of this
Prospectus; and

(b)

the following continuous disclosure notices given by the Company to notify
ASX of information relating to the Company during the period from the date
of lodgement of the financial statements referred to in paragraph 4.4(a)
above until the date of this Prospectus:
Date lodged

Subject of Announcement

06/07/2020

Expiry of unlisted options

02/07/2020

Trading Halt

01/07/2020

Change of Director’s Interest Notice

01/07/2020

Appendix 2A

30/06/2020

Appendix 2A

24/06/2020

Corporate Presentation

15/06/2020

Appendix 2A

15/06/2020

Cleansing Prospectus

11/06/2020

Proposed issue of Securities – MZZ

05/06/2020

Results of Meeting

03/06/2020

Appendix 2A

03/06/2020

Final Director’s Interest Notice

03/06/2020

Initial Director’s Interest Notice

02/06/2020

Appointment of Non-Executive Director

26/05/2020

Matador increases landholding along Cape Ray Shear

16

For personal use only

Date lodged

Subject of Announcement

18/05/2020

Final Director’s Interest Notice

18/05/2020

Initial Director’s Interest Notice

18/05/2020

Appendix 2A

15/05/2020

Addendum to Notice of Meeting

14/05/2020

Appointment of Executive Chairman

06/05/2020

Notice of General Meeting/Proxy Form

06/05/2020

Webinar to discuss Scoping Study

06/05/2020

Corporate Presentation

06/05/2020

Scoping Study provides sound platform for growth

05/05/2020

Matador to present at NWR Resources Virtual Conference

09/04/2020

March Quarterly Activities Report and Appendix 5B

13/03/2020

Half Year Accounts

04/03/2020

Cleansing Notice

03/03/2020

Appendix 2A

27/02/2020

Appendix 2A

25/02/2020

Appendix 2A

25/02/2020

Appendix 3B

25/02/2020

Cleansing Prospectus

19/02/2020

Corporate Presentation

17/02/2020

Reinstatement to official quotation

17/02/2020

Share placement to raise over $5 million

17/02/2020

Proposed issue of securities - MZZ

12/02/2020

Extension of voluntary suspension

07/02/2020

Extension of voluntary suspension

05/02/2020

Voluntary Suspension

04/02/2020

Increase in Gold Mineral Resource at Cape Ray

03/02/2020

Change of auditor

03/02/2020

Trading Halt

31/01/2020

December Quarterly Activities Report and Appendix 5B

17

For personal use only

Date lodged

Subject of Announcement

17/12/2019

Drilling doubles mineralised strike at Window Glass Hill

10/12/2019

Appendix 2A

06/12/2019

High-grade rock chips at Window Glass Hill

29/11/2019

Results of Meeting

29/11/2019

AGM Presentation

28/11/2019

Highly experienced group appointed to lead Scoping Study

27/11/2019

Strong progress with environmental assessment

26/11/2019

Change of Director’s Interest Notice

19/11/2019

Multiple gold intercepts at Window Glass Hill

05/11/2019

Investor Presentation

31/10/2019

September Quarterly Activities Report and Appendix 5B

31/10/2019

High-grade rock chips to guide greenfield exploration

29/10/2019

Notice of Annual General Meeting/Proxy Form

17/10/2019

Drilling significantly expands mineralised area

15/10/2019

Appendix 3B

01/10/2019

New high-grade intersection at Cape Ray Gold Project

27/09/2019

Appendix 4G and Corporate Governance Statement

27/09/2019

Annual Report to shareholders

The following documents are available for inspection, throughout the period of the
Offer, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Company:

4.5

(a)

this Prospectus;

(b)

the Constitution; and

(c)

the consents referred to in Section 4.14 and the consents provided by the
Directors to the issue of this Prospectus.

Information excluded from continuous disclosure notices
There is no information which has been excluded from a continuous disclosure notice
in accordance with the Listing Rules other than as is set out in this Prospectus.

4.6

Determination by ASIC
ASIC has not made a determination which would prevent the Company from relying on
section 713 of the Corporations Act in issuing the Securities under this Prospectus.

18

4.7

Market price of Shares

For personal use only

The highest and lowest market closing prices of the Shares on ASX during the 3 months
immediately preceding the date of lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC and the
respective dates of those sales were:
Highest:

$0.350 (on 11 June 2020)

Lowest:

$0.135 (on 6 April 2020)

The latest available market closing price of the Shares on ASX prior to the date of
lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC was $0.315 per Share on 1 July 2020.

4.8

Dividend policy
The Directors are not able to say when and if dividends will be paid in the future, as
the payment of any dividends will depend on the future profitability, financial position
and cash requirements of the Company.

4.9

Substantial Shareholders
Based on the substantial holder notices provided to the Company as at the date of this
Prospectus, and information available from the Company’s share registry, those
persons which together with their associates have a voting power in 5% or more of the
Shares on issue are set out below:
Substantial Shareholder
Grant Davey and associates

4.10

Number of Shares
19,940,234

% Shareholding
15.73%

Interests of Directors
(a)

Information disclosed in this Prospectus
Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no Director and no firm in which a
Director is a partner:

(b)

(i)

has any interest nor has had any interest in the last two years prior
to the date of this Prospectus in the formation or promotion of the
Company, the Securities offered under this Prospectus or property
acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection
with its formation or promotion or the Securities offered under this
Prospectus; or

(ii)

has been paid or given or will be paid or given any amount or benefit
to induce him or her to become, or to qualify as, a Director, or
otherwise for services rendered by him or her in connection with the
formation or promotion of the Company or the Securities offered
under this Prospectus.

Security holdings
The Directors have the following relevant interests in the Securities as at the
date of this Prospectus:

19

Director

Shares

%

Options
Number

Exercise

Expiry date

Price ($)

For personal use only

Ian Murray

1,000,000

0.8%

Justin Osborne

350,000

0.28%

Keith Bowes

190,000

0.15%

(c)

4,000,000

Zero

4 July 2023

1,000,000

0.40

2 July 2022

264,000

Zero

1 July 2024

192,000

Zero

1 July 2022

Remuneration
The remuneration of an executive Director is decided by the Board, without
the affected executive Director participating in that decision-making process.
The total maximum remuneration of non-executive Directors is determined by
ordinary resolution of Shareholders in general meeting in accordance with the
Constitution, the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules, as applicable.
The determination of non-executive Directors' remuneration within that
maximum will be made by the Board having regard to the inputs and value to
the Company of the respective contributions by each non-executive Director.
A Director may be paid fees or other amounts (i.e. non-cash performance
incentives such as Options, subject to any necessary Shareholder approval) as
the other Directors determine where a Director performs special duties or
otherwise performs services outside the scope of the ordinary duties of a
Director. In addition, Directors are also entitled to be paid reasonable
travelling, hotel and other expenses incurred by them respectively in or about
the performance of their duties as Directors.
The following table shows the annual remuneration paid to both executive
and non-executive Directors inclusive of superannuation for the financial year
ended 30 June 2019.

Director

Salary &
fees

Superannuation
($)

($)

Share
based
payments
($)

TOTAL

($)

Grant Davey1

90,000

-

1,632,300

1,722,300

Keith Bowes2

50,000

-

136,300

186,300

Adam Kiley2

50,000

-

95,410

145,410

Notes:
1.

Mr Davey was appointed on 3 July 2018.

20

2.

Mr Bowes and Mr Kiley were appointed on 1 February 2019

For personal use only

The following table shows the annual remuneration to both executive and nonexecutive Directors inclusive of superannuation for the financial year ended
30 June 2020:
Director

Salary &
fees

Superannuation
($)

($)

Share
based
payments
($)

TOTAL

($)

Grant Davey2

105,000

-

-

105,000

Keith Bowes

120,000

-

69,128

189,128

Adam Kiley1

110,000

-

69,128

179,128

Ian Murray1

37,642

3,118

1,160,000

1,200,580

4,500

427

Justin Osborne2

4,927

Notes:
1. Mr Murray was appointed on 14 May 2020, Mr Kiley stepped down on the same date.
2. Mr Osborne was appointed on 2 June 2020, Mr Davey stepped down on the same date.

4.11

Related party transactions
There are no related party transactions involved in the Offer.
The Company's policy in respect of related party arrangements is:

4.12

(a)

a Director with a material personal interest in a matter is required to give
notice to the other Directors before such a matter is considered by the Board;
and

(b)

for the Board to consider such a matter, the Director who has a material
personal interest is not present while the matter is being considered at the
meeting and does not vote on the matter.

Interests of other persons
Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no expert, promoter or other person named in
this Prospectus as performing a function in a professional, advisory or other capacity:
(a)

has any interest nor has had any interest in the last two years prior to the date
of this Prospectus in the formation or promotion of the Company, the
Securities offered under this Prospectus or property acquired or proposed to
be acquired by the Company in connection with its formation or promotion or
the Securities offered under this Prospectus; or

(b)

has been paid or given or will be paid or given any amount or benefit in
connection with the formation or promotion of the Company or the Securities
offered under this Prospectus.

21

4.13

Expenses of Offer
Estimated expenses of the Offer

For personal use only

ASIC lodgement fee
Legal and preparation expenses
General administrative expenses
TOTAL

4.14

$
3,206
30
3,236

Consents
Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act imposes a liability regime on the Company (as the
offeror of Securities under this Prospectus), the Directors, any persons named in the
Prospectus with their consent having made a statement in the Prospectus and persons
involved in a contravention in relation to the Prospectus, with regard to misleading
and deceptive statements made in the Prospectus. Although the Company bears
primary responsibility for the Prospectus, the other parties involved in the preparation
of the Prospectus can also be responsible for certain statements made in it.
Other than the Directors, no parties have been involved in the preparation of the
Prospectus.

22

5.

Directors' Statement and Consent
This Prospectus is authorised by each of the Directors.

For personal use only

This Prospectus is signed for and on behalf of the Company by:

Ian Murray
Executive Chairman
8 July 2020

23

6.

Glossary of Terms
These definitions are provided to assist persons in understanding some of the
expressions used in this Prospectus.

For personal use only

$ or A$ means Australian dollars.
Applicant means a person who submits an Application Form.
Application Form means the application form provided by the Company with a copy
of this Prospectus.
Application means a valid application for Share made on an Application Form.
Application Monies means the amount of money in dollars and cents payable for
Securities pursuant to the Offer.
ASIC means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) and where the context permits the
Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited.
ASX Settlement means ASX Settlement Pty Limited (ACN 008 504 532).
ASX Settlement Operating Rules means ASX Settlement Operating Rules of ASX
Settlement.
Board means the Directors meeting as a board.
Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive, other than a day that ASX declares is
not a business day.
CHESS means ASX Clearing House Electronic Sub-registry System.
Closing Date means the date specified in Section 1.4, as extended or shortened in
accordance with that Section.
Company means Matador Mining Limited (ACN 612 912 393).
Constitution means the constitution of the Company as at the date of this Prospectus.
Corporations Act means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Directors mean the directors of the Company as at the date of this Prospectus.
Flow Through Shares has the meaning in Section 1.2.
Issuer Sponsored means Shares issued by an issuer that are held in uncertified form
without the holder entering into a sponsorship agreement with a broker or without the
holder being admitted as an institutional participant in CHESS.
Listing Rules means the official listing rules of ASX and any other rules of ASX which
are applicable while any Securities are admitted to the Official List, each as amended
or replaced from time to time, except to the extent of any express waiver by ASX.
Offer means an offer under this Prospectus to apply for Shares.
Official List means the official list of ASX.
24

Official Quotation means quotation of Shares on the Official List.
Option means an option to acquire a Share, subject to certain terms and conditions.
Prospectus means this prospectus dated 8 July 2020.

For personal use only

Section means a section of this Prospectus.
Securities mean any securities including Shares, and Options issued or granted by the
Company, as applicable.
Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company.
Share Registry means Automic Registry Services.
Shareholder means a holder of Shares.
WST means Western Standard Time, being the time in Perth, Western Australia.

25

