For personal use only

8 July 2020
Mr Corey Lian
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)
ASX Compliance Pty Ltd
20 Bridge Street
SYDNEY NSW 2000
BY EMAIL ListingsComplianceSydney@asx.com.au
Dear Mr Lian:

Response to ASX Price Query
We refer to the ASX’s letter to Visioneering Technologies, Inc. (ASX: VTI) (Company) dated 7 July 2020
concerning the recent increases in price and volume of VTI’s securities.
The Company responds to each of the questions set out in the ASX letter below.
1. Is VTI aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to
the market which, if known by some in the market, could explain the recent
trading in its securities?
No, the Company is not aware of any information that if known by some would explain the recent
increases in price and volume.
2. Not applicable due to “No” answer to Question 1
3. If the answer to Question 1 is “No”, is there any other explanation that VTI hay
have for the recent trading of its securities?
The Company is not aware of any other explanation for the recent trading of its securities.
4. Please confirm that VTI is complying with the Listing Rules, in particular,
Listing Rule 3.1
The Company confirms that it is in compliance with Listing Rule 3.1 and that there is no information that
should be given to ASX under that rule that has not already been released to the market.
5. Please confirm that VTI’s responses to the questions above have been
authorised and approved in accordance with its published continuous
disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of VTI with delegated
authority from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
The Company confirms that these responses have been authorised and approved in accordance with its
published Continuous Disclosure Policy.

10745 Westside Way • #200 • Alpharetta, GA 30009 • 1-844-VTI-LENS (1-844-884-5367)

For personal use only

Yours sincerely,

Julian Rockett
Company Secretary

10745 Westside Way • #200 • Alpharetta, GA 30009 • 1-844-VTI-LENS (1-844-884-5367)

For personal use only

7 July 2020
Reference: 20216
Mr Julian Rockett
Company Secretary
Visioneering Technologies, Inc.
By email:
Dear Mr Rockett
Visioneering Technologies, Inc. (‘VTI’): Price - Query
ASX refers to the following:
A. The change in the price of VTI’s securities from a low of $0.01 on 26 June 2020 to a high of $0.02 today.
B. The significant increase in the volume of VTI’s securities traded from 26 June 2020 to 7 July 2020.
Request for information
In light of this, ASX asks VTI to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is VTI aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known by
some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is VTI relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please
note that the recent trading in VTI’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may
have ceased to be confidential and therefore VTI may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule
3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to
discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that VTI may have for the recent trading in
its securities?
4. Please confirm that VTI is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that VTI’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of VTI with delegated authority
from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 9:30 AM AEST Wednesday, 8 July 2020 . You should note that if the information
requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, VTI’s obligation is to disclose the information
ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require VTI to request a trading halt immediately.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsComplianceSydney@asx.com.au. It should not be sent
directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm that
it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes”
and an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to
request a trading halt in VTI’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:
•

the reasons for the trading halt;

•

how long you want the trading halt to last;

•

the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;

•

that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and

•

any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further
information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in VTI’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to VTI’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that VTI’s obligation
to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the
questions set out in this letter.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to the above, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Yours sincerely
Corey Lian
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)
2/2
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

