ASX Release
8 July 2020
ASX: VUL
FRA: 6KO

Highlights

For personal use only

EU-backed investment agreement in Vulcan Zero
Carbon Lithium™ Project

Highlights:
•

•

•

•

Investment agreement signed with EU-backed EIT InnoEnergy for
staged cash investments into Vulcan, with initial tranche valued at
A$0.51/share, equivalent to the 15-day VWAP and at an 8.5%
premium to 30-day VWAP, subject to shareholder approval.
Direct investment by EIT InnoEnergy marks a vote of confidence in
the Vulcan Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project by a prominent EU-backed
body mandated to lead the European Battery Alliance.

Aiming to be the world’s first
Zero Carbon Lithium™
producer.
Large, lithium-rich
geothermal brine project, in
the Upper Rhine Valley of
Germany.
Europe’s largest JORCcompliant lithium resource.
Located at the heart of the EU
Li-ion battery industry.
Fast-track development of
project under way towards
production.

This follows Vulcan recently announcing a separate agreement with
EIT InnoEnergy to assist with securing future large-scale project
development funding, including from public sources, and to assist
with fast-tracking project approvals.
Investment to be used by Vulcan towards its Pre-Feasibility Study
(PFS) programme.

Vulcan Managing Director, Dr. Francis Wedin, commented: “Following our
recent announcement of project support by EIT InnoEnergy, we are delighted
to also welcome them as a direct investor in Vulcan. This investment in
Vulcan and its team is a critical vote of confidence by a prominent EU-backed
organisation. The strategic alignment of both organisations will be important
in securing funding needs and streamlining approvals for future large-scale
project development. It is another significant step towards achieving our goal
of supplying the EU battery market with Zero Carbon Lithium™ hydroxide
products.”
Diego Pavia, CEO of EIT InnoEnergy noted: “Accelerating the development
of a strong European battery industry is a cornerstone of the European
recovery plan recently issued by the European Commission. It will be one of
the key differentiators for batteries ‘made in Europe’ to be produced
sustainably with the goal of complete carbon neutrality at every stage of the
value chain. Therefore, making Vulcan’s mission of carbon-neutral lithium
extraction in the Upper Rhine region in Germany is of utmost strategic
importance and has our full support, financially and beyond.”

Corporate Directory
Managing Director
Dr Francis Wedin
Chairman
Gavin Rezos
Executive Director
Dr Horst Kreuter
Non-Executive Director
Ranya Alkadamani
Non-Executive Director
Dr Katharina Gerber
CFO-Company Secretary
Robert Ierace

Fast Facts

Issued Capital: 67,217,755
Market Cap (@54.5c): $36.6m

Contact

Level 11, Brookfield Place
125 St Georges Terrace
Perth WA 6000 Australia
08 6189 8767
Vulcan Energie Resourcen
GmbH
Baischstr. 8, 76133 Karlsruhe

www.v-er.com
info@v-er.com

@VulcanEnergyRes

Recent activities by the Company:

For personal use only

•

Completion of $4.8m institutional and ESG investor equity placement.

•

Securing EU backing for the Vulcan Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project.

•

Presentation to European Commission and European Investment Bank Vice-Presidents,

•

alongside VW, BASF, EDF.
Recruitment of German lithium chemistry & geothermal lithium expert Dr. Katharina Gerber
to the Vulcan Board.

•

Appointment of strategic communications expert Ranya Alkadamani to the Vulcan Board.

•

Agreement to acquire 3D seismic package to accelerate project development.

•

Commencement of lithium extraction test work for PFS.

•

Positive Scoping Study.

Material terms of agreement
EIT InnoEnergy will provide the following staged payments to Vulcan Energie Ressourcen GmbH, the
Company’s 100%-owned German subsidiary (Subsidiary):
(a)

an initial payment of €150,000 (Tranche 1, equivalent to $245,534 at current exchange rates).

(b)

further payment of €50,000 after approval by EIT InnoEnergy of the financial and performance

(c)

reporting related to expenditure of Tranche 1 funding on approved work packages Tranche 2).
a final settlement of €50,000 of approved funding after approval by EIT InnoEnergy of the final
financial and performance reporting for the expenditure of Tranche 1 and Tranche 2 funding
on approved work packages for the project (Tranche 3).

All payments shall be made within 30 calendar days following the relevant trigger. Based on its current
timelines for the Vulcan Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project, the Company expects to receive all three
Tranches by the end of 2020.
EIT InnoEnergy is not be obliged to make any of the subsequent payments if the Subsidiary fails to
fulfil any relevant obligations under the agreement (including cost reporting obligations).
The Subsidiary must use the funding in accordance with a project plan and project budget approved
by EIT InnoEnergy. EIT InnoEnergy may reduce (or, with the Company’s agreement, increase) the
amount of funding provided under Tranche 3 depending on the needs of the Vulcan Zero Carbon
Lithium™ Project and the Subsidiary’s compliance with its reporting requirements.
In the event that the Subsidiary does not use the Tranche 1 or 2 funding (in whole or in part) for the
purpose of the Vulcan Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project, the Subsidiary must return the unused amounts
to EIT InnoEnergy within 30 days of EIT InnoEnergy requesting that the funds be returned.

Issue of Warrants
The Company has agreed to grant Warrants to EIT InnoEnergy on payment of each Tranche of funding,

For personal use only

in the following amounts:
(a)

(b)

Tranche 1: 479,519 Warrants (being the Australian dollar amount of the Tranche 1 funding,
divided by $0.512, which was the volume weighted average price (VWAP) for Shares over the
last 15 days on which Shares were traded immediately prior to execution of the funding
agreements; and
Tranches 2 and 3: the number equal to the Australian dollar amount of the relevant Tranche of
funding, divided by the VWAP for Shares over the last 15 days on which Shares were traded
immediately prior to EIT InnoEnergy paying the relevant Tranche of the funding.

The Warrants will convert into Shares on a one for one basis on exercise.
The Warrants can only be exercised:
(a)

after 1 September 2021; and

(b)

once the agreed work packages and final settlement of the Tranche 3 funding have been
completed.

Once those things have occurred, the Warrants are exercisable at any time on or prior to expiry on the
date which is 3 years from the date of grant.
The payments will be the exercise price for the Warrants, payable on grant of the Warrants rather
than on exercise. No further amount will be payable by EIT InnoEnergy to exercise the Warrants.
If any part of the funding is clawed back by EIT InnoEnergy under the terms of the funding agreements,
a corresponding number of the Warrants will be cancelled.
A summary of the other material terms and conditions of the Warrants is set out in the Schedule to
this announcement.
This announcement has been approved for release by the Board
Robert Ierace
Chief Financial Officer - Company Secretary
For further information visit www.v-er.com

Schedule – Terms and conditions of the Warrants
Each Warrant entitles the holder (Warrantholder) to subscribe for one Share
upon exercise of the Warrant.

Expiry Date

Each Warrant will expire at 5:00 pm (WST) on the date which is 3 years from
the date of issue (Expiry Date). A Warrant not exercised before the Expiry
Date will automatically lapse on the Expiry Date.

Exercise
Period

The Warrants can only be exercised:

For personal use only

Entitlement

after 1 September 2021; and

(b)

once the agreed work packages and final settlement of the Tranche 3
funding has been completed.

Once those things have occurred, the Warrants are exercisable at any time on
or prior to the Expiry Date (Exercise Period).

Exercise Price

Notice
Exercise

(a)

The exercise price for the Warrants will be the funding amounts paid by EIT
InnoEnergy on issue of the Warrants. No further amount will be payable by
the Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants during the Exercise Period.

of The Warrants may be exercised during the Exercise Period by notice in writing
to the Company in the manner specified on the Warrant certificate (Notice of
Exercise).

Timing of issue Within 10 Business Days after the date of receipt of the Notice of Exercise, the
of Shares on Company will:
exercise
(a)
issue the number of Shares required under these terms and conditions
in respect of the number of Warrants specified in the Notice of Exercise
and for which cleared funds have been received by the Company;
(b)

if required, give ASX a notice that complies with section 708A(5)(e) of
the Corporations Act, or, if the Company is unable to issue such a notice,
lodge with ASIC a prospectus prepared in accordance with the
Corporations Act and do all such things necessary to satisfy section
708A(11) of the Corporations Act to ensure that an offer for sale of the
Shares does not require disclosure to investors; and

(c)

if admitted to the official list of ASX at the time, apply for official
quotation on ASX of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the
Warrants.

If a notice delivered under (b) for any reason is not effective to ensure that an
offer for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to investors, the
Company must, no later than 20 Business Days after becoming aware of such
notice being ineffective, lodge with ASIC a prospectus prepared in accordance
with the Corporations Act and do all such things necessary to satisfy section
708A(11) of the Corporations Act to ensure that an offer for sale of the Shares
does not require disclosure to investors.

Shares issued Shares issued on exercise of the Warrants rank equally with the then issued
on exercise
shares of the Company.

For personal use only

Reconstruction If at any time the issued capital of the Company is reconstructed, all rights of a
of capital
Warrant holder are to be changed in accordance with the following rules:

Participation
in new issues

(a)

(consolidation of capital): the number of Warrants must be
consolidated in the same ratio as the ordinary capital and the Issue
Price must be amended in inverse proportion to that ratio;

(b)

(sub-division of capital): the number of Warrants must be sub-divided
in the same ratio as the ordinary capital and the Issue Price must be
amended in inverse proportion to that ratio;

(c)

(return of capital): the number of Warrants must remain the same, and
the Issue Price of each Warrant must be reduced by the same amount
as the amount returned in relation to each ordinary Share;

(d)

(reduction of capital by a cancellation of paid up capital that is lost or
not represented by available assets where no securities are cancelled):
the number of Warrants and the Issue Price of each Warrant must
remain unaltered;

(e)

(pro rata cancellation of capital): the number of Warrants must be
reduced in the same ratio as the ordinary capital and the Issue Price of
each Warrant must be amended in inverse proportion to that ratio; and

(f)

otherwise in a manner consistent with the Corporations Act and the ASX
Listing Rules at the time of the reconstruction.

The Warrants have the following participation rights:
(a)

if there is a bonus issue to the Shareholders, the Company must increase
the number of Shares over which a Warrant is exercisable by the
number of Shares which EIT InnoEnergy would have received if the
Warrant had be exercised before the record date (as defined in the ASX
Listing Rules) (Record Date) for the bonus issue.

(b)

the Warrant holder may not participate in new issues of securities to
Shareholders where it exercises some or all of its Warrants into Shares
within a reasonable time for the relevant Shares to be issued prior to
the relevant Record Date.

Notification of The Company must:
Record Date
(a)
give the Warrant holder at least 15 Business Days written notice of the
Record Date in respect of any proposed issue of securities to holders of
Shares such that the Warrant holder has sufficient time to exercise any
or all of its unexercised Warrants into Shares before the Record Date;
and

For personal use only

(b)

use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Shares issued upon
receipt of a Notice of Exercise prior to the Record Date are entered into
the register of Shares prior to such Record Date in order for the Warrant
holder to participate in the proposed issue (in its sole discretion).

Notification of The Company must give notice to the Warrant holder of any adjustment it may
adjustment
make to either the number of Shares which the Warrant holder is entitled to
subscribe for on exercise of the Warrants, or the Issue Price.
Change
Issue Price

in A Warrant does not confer the right to a change in Issue Price or a change in
the number of underlying securities over which the Warrant can be exercised.

Transferability The Warrants are transferable subject to the Warrant holder obtaining the
written consent of the Company, which will not be unreasonably withheld or
delayed.
Cancellation

To the extent that the amount of the funding from EIT InnoEnergy is adjusted
downwards pursuant to the terms of the funding agreement, the Company
may cancel a corresponding number of Warrants based on the original issue
price for the relevant Warrants.

