For personal use only

Thursday 9th of July

ASX:14D
Positive outlook for Aurora revenues

•
•

A green hybrid storage solution for Aurora Project takes shape
Simulation of past five year data indicates strong revenue prospects

Image: 1414 Degrees concept for Aurora Solar Energy Project with TESS-GRID near Port Augusta, South Australia

A revenue generating hybrid energy storage solution for the Aurora Project near Port Augusta, South
Australia is looking promising, involving a mix of solar PV, batteries and 1414 Degrees’ TESS. Together
these allow access to revenue stacks ranging from power purchase agreements (PPAs), ancillary services
(FCAS), wholesale energy trading and highly valued long-duration firmed power sales.
1414 Degrees is pioneering this competitive solution for grid stability under the leadership of Marie
Pavlik, who is preparing for development by commissioning optimal asset modelling from specialist
agencies CQ Energy and ITP Renewables (ITP), and teaming with energy retailers to bid on PPAs.
To support marketing of the Aurora Project power, CQ Energy modelled 20 years of solar PV generation
with allowance for declining output. CQ Energy also provided guidance on maximisation of revenue from

For personal use only

battery storage including spot price arbitrage and FCAS revenue. 1414 Degrees has used the results for
competitive pricing of PPA tenders and offers.
ITP have now provided a progress report using solar profile data collected over several years at the
Aurora site to simulate operation of a 70MW solar PV farm with a battery energy storage system (BESS)
to maximise National Electricity Market (NEM) wholesale and ancillary services (FCAS) revenue. It varied
battery size from zero to 140 MWh and allowed for degrading performance to reflect real efficiencies.
The modelling utilised a maximum 70 MW transmission connection as initially accepted by ElectraNet in
its Connection Options report for 1414 Degrees. In a subsequent modelling, ITP will extend the optimal
revenues from additional long duration (firmed) generation by a 1414 Degrees TESS-GRID.

Simulated system of annual revenue for a
70MW PV plant with battery storage size
ranging from zero up to 140MWh under a
range of historical NEM market data for
South Australia.
Source: ITP Renewables

Their simulation based on the past five years of NEM and FCAS trading showed that an optimum battery
size of 70 MWh with sale of electricity from the PV would have generated annual revenues ranging from
$44m to $80m. The historical pricing showed that 70 MW of PV without batteries would have generated
annual revenues ranging from $12.5m to $28m.
1414 Degrees Executive Chairman Dr Kevin Moriarty, said, “Although based on historical data that may
or may not be a guide to future conditions, these revenue simulations are very encouraging for the
development of our Aurora Project. We are working to lock in PPA’s to secure cash flows for the first
stage of PV generation to complement the BESS revenue streams. The addition of our TESS will provide a
complete green hybrid solution for a global market as renewable penetration increases.
The Aurora Project can provide robust system strength throughout the NEM because it is situated on
major transmission lines, generating revenue stacks from many different services.”

For personal use only

Background
1414 Degrees is developing thermal energy storage systems (TESS) in South Australia. A NEM connected
solar PV farm with BESS and TESS will attract revenues across wholesale energy, frequency control and
ancillary services (FCAS) markets. The full system under consideration is depicted in the following block
diagram:

The progress report describes the modelling to maximise NEM revenues under a configuration that
includes only the Solar PV Farm and the BESS system. The combined system is assumed to be
transmission network connected and can participate both in wholesale energy and FCAS markets.
The second phase of this modelling will include TESS-GRID operational dispatch decisions of the
complete system.

For personal use only

AUTHORISED BY:
Kevin Moriarty, Executive Chairman
+61 8 8357 8273

ABOUT 1414 DEGREES LIMITED
1414 Degrees believes in a sustainable energy future, where energy is available to all, at all times. Its
clean energy storage is set to reduce energy costs by increasing the efficiency of renewable generation
and stabilising grid supply. The 1414 Degrees thermal energy storage system (TESS) is unlike any other
energy storage system in the world.
1414 Degrees’ technology stores energy generated from electricity or gas and supplies both heat and
electricity in the proportions required by consumers. It is unique in its combination of low cost, flexibility
of location, scalability, and sustainability. Following the successful development of its electrically
charged TESS demonstrator, and commissioning of its pilot GAS-TESS at SA Water’s Wastewater
Treatment Plant, the Company is now in an early stage of product development and commercialisation.

ABOUT CQ ENERGY
CQ Energy was established in 2008 to provide corporate advice and services in electricity, gas and
renewables. It is recognised as one of the leading energy advisory firms in Australia and has developed a
substantial client base both within Australia and overseas. CQ Energy is a multi-faceted energy business
with a proven record of delivering value to clients in the energy sector. It focuses on assisting clients
with optimal commercial solutions in electricity, gas and renewable energy.

ABOUT ITP RENEWABLES
ITP Renewables (ITP) is a global leader in renewable energy engineering, strategy, construction, and
energy sector analytics. Its technical and policy expertise spans the breadth of renewable energy, energy
storage, energy efficiency and smart integration technologies. It is part of the international ITPEnergised
Group, one of the world’s largest specialist engineering consultancies focusing on renewable energy,
energy efficiency, and carbon markets. The Group has undertaken over 2,000 contracts in energy
projects encompassing over 150 countries since it was formed in 1981.

For more information please visit www.1414degrees.com.au

