ASX Announcement

For personal use only

9 July 2020

DRILLING RESTARTS AT PIAN BRACCA
HIGHLIGHTS
•

Alta is pleased to announce the resumption of drilling at Pian Bracca

•

An initial 18-hole/ 1500m drilling campaign will test high-priority extensional targets to the west, north
and south of previously drilled mineralisation

•

Recent mapping of Pian Bracca historical workings has revealed thrust-style mineralisation present on
three levels 180m to the south of recent drilling that will be drill tested in due course

•

Alta’s geologists are continuing with surface and underground exploration of the district’s widespread
mineral potential

Alta Zinc Limited (Alta or the Company) (ASX: AZI) is pleased to announce that the international drilling and
contract mining company, Edilmac SRL, has recommenced underground drilling at Pian Bracca. The Company’s
geologists have identified high priority step-out drilling zones accessible currently from underground, which
are designed to test the extension of the known mineralisation to the west, north and south.
Furthermore, Alta’s geology team have been continuing regional surface mapping and reconnaissance with
the aim of identifying additional high priority mineralisation, which is both proximal to Gorno and evident
along the regional geologic trend.
Geraint Harris, MD of Alta commented:
“Our team has been working on site throughout May and June to both extend our regional exploration
knowledge and identify additional high priority drilling targets close to the Pian Bracca and Ponente areas.
I am also delighted that our contractor has been able to re-start drilling so quickly and that it is back to
‘business as usual’ for Alta in Italy.
Our recent successful capital raise and the rapid restart of our drilling puts us in a good position to generate
strong news-flow whilst we continue to expand the extent of known mineralisation at Gorno”.
Figure 1 shows the plan view of the Company’s recent Pian Bracca drilling campaign, which has defined
multiple strongly mineralised horizons over a strike length of approximately 415m, and illustrates where the
new drilling program is planned to expand to the west towards the Zorzone resource and also to the north and
to the south.

Alta Zinc Limited | ASX Code AZI | ABN 63 078 510 988
Level 3, Suite 3.5, 9 Bowman Street, South Perth, WA 6151, Australia
Email: info@altazinc.com |Tel: +61 (0)8 9321 5000 | Fax: +61 (0)8 9321 7177
Website: www.altazinc.com

For personal use only

Figure 1: Plan view showing the recent & planned Pian Bracca drilling campaign

Initially drilling will progress west from Pian Bracca, towards hole GDD097, which is 260m along-strike of the
recently drilled hole PBD16. This aims to test the extent to which the thrust-style mineralisation extends
towards the Zorzone Resource area.
Figure 2 shows a long section view through the planned western extension drilling of Pian Bracca.

Page 2 of 5

For personal use only

Figure 2: Section showing recent drilling within the Pian Bracca Zone & the planned step-out to the west

Underground exploration and geologic mapping, c.180m to the south of recent Pian Bracca drilling, has
identified the presence of Pian Bracca thrust-style sulphide mineralisation in the sidewalls on three levels
(990RL, 1040RL and 1054RL), therefore providing clear evidence of the extension of the thrust-style
mineralisation and that it can also be present on multiple horizons.
Figure 3 shows photographs of this visually distinctive sulphide mineralisation, which will be targeting in the
forthcoming drilling.

Page 3 of 5

For personal use only

Figure 3: Thrust-style mineralisation on the 1054 RL level, c. 180m south of the recent Pian Bracca drilling
Figure 4 outlines a cross section through the Pian Bracca drilling and the drilling extensions planned to explore
for mineralisation to the north and the south.

Page 4 of 5

For personal use only

Figure 4: Cross-section showing the north & south planned drilling extensions of the Pian Bracca Zone
Core drilled prior to the shut-down has now been dispatched to the assay laboratory. Alta’s geologists have
also been carrying out exploration and sampling, to investigate the regional Resource growth potential of the
district. Alta looks forward to keeping shareholders updated with further news as results become available
Authorised for ASX release by Mr Geraint Harris (Managing Director).
For further information, please contact:
Geraint Harris
Managing Director
Alta Zinc Limited
info@altazinc.com

For other enquiries contact:
Adam Miethke
Discovery Capital Partners
info@discoverycapital.com.au

Competent Person Statement
Information in this release that relates to Exploration Results is based on information prepared or reviewed by
Dr Marcello de Angelis, a Competent Person who is a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy (AusIMM). Dr de Angelis is a Director of Energia Minerals (Italia) Srl and Strategic Minerals Italia Srl
(controlled entities of Alta Zinc Limited) and a consultant of Alta Zinc Limited.
Dr de Angelis has sufficient experience which is relevant to the styles of mineralisation and types of deposits
under consideration and to the activities being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the
2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves”. Dr de Angelis consents to the inclusion in this release of the matters based on their information in
the form and context in which it appears.

Page 5 of 5

