For personal use only

MEDIA RELEASE
9 July 2020

ANTIPA EXECUTES A$30 MILLION FARM-IN AND
A$3.27 MILLION SHARE PLACEMENT WITH IGO LIMITED
Highlights
•

$30 million exploration farm-in agreement signed with IGO over 1,563km2 of Antipa’s
100%-owned tenements in the Paterson Province of Western Australia, key terms of
which include:
o Initial A$4 million minimum exploration expenditure within 2.5 years from
commencement to be managed by Antipa
o Further A$26 million exploration expenditure within 6.5 years from
commencement to earn a 70% joint venture interest (management to be
determined at IGO’s option)
o Upon joint venture formation, IGO shall free-carry Antipa to the completion of
a Feasibility Study

•
•
•
•
•
•

IGO to acquire a 4.9% interest in Antipa by subscribing for A$3.27 million in shares at
a price of 2.75 cents per share, a 25% premium to the 10-day VWAP prior to receipt
by Antipa of a non-binding farm-in proposal from IGO
Newcrest to maintain its 9.9% interest in Antipa by subscribing for A$358,909 in
shares on the same terms as IGO
Initial exploration activity on IGO farm-in tenements is expected to commence shortly
under Antipa management
Antipa now a party to farm-in agreements/joint ventures in the Paterson Province
with three large mining companies (IGO, Newcrest and Rio Tinto) with potential
cumulative exploration spend of $150 million
Antipa retains 100% ownership of 144km2 of highly prospective ground in the
Paterson Province including the Company’s existing 723,300 oz gold, 26,400 tonne
copper and 233,000 oz silver Mineral Resource at Minyari-WACA
Following completion of IGO/Newcrest share placements Antipa will have in excess
of $9 million cash at bank and will be well-funded to continue exploration and
development activities on its highly prospective 100%-owned ground

Overview
Antipa Minerals Limited (ASX: AZY) (Antipa or the Company) is pleased to announce it has
entered into a A$30 million farm-in agreement with IGO Limited (IGO) (Farm-in) in respect of
1,563km2 of tenements, part of the Company’s 100%-owned ground in the Paterson Province
of Western Australia (Farm-in Area). The Farm-in Area, which is to be called the Paterson
Project, is shown in Figure 1.

For personal use only

In addition, Antipa has entered into two subscription agreements:
•

a subscription agreement with IGO pursuant to which IGO will acquire a 4.9%
shareholding in Antipa through a placement of new shares at 2.75 cents per share to
raise A$3.27 million; and

•

a subscription agreement with Newcrest Mining Limited (Newcrest) pursuant to which
Newcrest will maintain its 9.9% shareholding through a placement of new shares at 2.75
cents per share to raise A$358,909,

(together, the Placements).
Antipa’s Executive Chairman, Stephen Power, said: “This transaction, being the Company’s third
major farm-in agreement following similar deals with Rio Tinto in 2015 and Newcrest Mining
earlier this year, provides further validation of our efforts to build a strategic landholding in the
Paterson Province at a time when the region’s geological potential wasn’t as keenly appreciated
as it is today. We now have three large and highly successful mining companies working to
unlock value on our extensive Paterson Province portfolio.
We are delighted to welcome IGO as a shareholder of Antipa and to be partnering with them to
progress the exploration of our Paterson Province tenements. Their record of exploration and
operational excellence speaks for itself.”
Importantly, with a significant portion of our portfolio being the subject of earn-ins by Rio,
Newcrest and now IGO, we are well positioned to focus on our highly prospective remaining
100% owned ground. We are now looking forward to continuing exploration on this ground,
increasing our understanding around the existing resources and, at the appropriate time,
considering potential development scenarios.”
IGO’s Managing Director, Peter Bradford, said: “IGO is very pleased to be adding Antipa’s
Paterson Project to our portfolio of projects in the highly prospective Paterson Copper-Gold
Province in Western Australia. We look forward to working closely with Antipa to realise
discovery success at the Paterson Project over the next few years.
IGO is also pleased to become a shareholder of Antipa, given Antipa’s outstanding pipeline of
projects at various stages of exploration across the Paterson region. Antipa has assembled an
impressive list of exploration partners and we are excited to be one of them.”
Hartleys Limited acted as corporate adviser to Antipa in relation to the transaction with IGO.
DETAILS
Farm-in Agreement
The Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries, Antipa Resources Pty Ltd, Kitchener Resources Pty
Ltd and MK Minerals Pty Ltd, have entered into a Farm-in Agreement with IGO. The Farm-in
Agreement will commence upon completion of the Placement to IGO.

For personal use only

Figure 1: Plan showing location of Antipa 100% owned tenements, Antipa-IGO Paterson Farm-in, AntipaNewcrest Wilki Farm-in, Antipa-Rio Tinto Citadel Joint Venture, Newcrest Mining Ltd’s Telfer Mine and
O’Callaghans deposit, Rio Tinto’s Winu deposit, Greatland Gold plc’s/Newcrest’s Havieron deposit, and
Metals X Nifty Mine.
NB: Rio and IGO tenement areas include related third-party Farm-In’s.
NB: Regional GDA94 / MGA Zone 51 co-ordinates, 50km grid.

Under the Farm-in Agreement, IGO may earn a 70% joint venture interest in the Company’s
tenements which form the Paterson Project (see Figure 1) as follows:

For personal use only

Initial fixed commitment: A$4 million expenditure within 2.5 years from commencement
IGO has committed to sole fund a minimum of A$4 million expenditure on the Farm-in Area within
two and a half years of commencement of the Farm-in Agreement with no less than 75% of this
amount directed towards “in-ground” activities. This two and a half year period can be extended
for a maximum of one year due to a force majeure event.
The initial programme will be prepared by IGO and considered by a technical committee comprised
of IGO and Antipa representatives, with IGO holding the casting vote. It is expected to comprise:
•

Year 1 Programme and Objectives:
o Focus on Priority 1 Areas of Interest (AOIs) through exploration drilling, geophysical
surveying, geochemical sampling and follow-up drill testing
o Characterise stratigraphy via a combination of air core and targeted diamond
drilling
o Conduct regional MT survey to map 3D basin architecture including the key fault
structures

•

Year 2 (±3) Programme and Objectives:
o Expand exploration activities to include Priority 2 AOIs identifying key structures
under shallow cover
o Apply IGO deep-penetrating ground based geophysical systems across select AOIs
to identify and delineate 3D conductivity and/or chargeability anomalies
o Characterise stratigraphy via a combination of air core and targeted diamond
drilling

Antipa will manage operations during this initial period and will receive a management fee of 10%
on all eligible expenditure incurred in that period. On and from the end of the initial period IGO
can elect to withdraw from the Farm-in Agreement and if it does not withdraw it will continue with
the earn-in as noted below. If IGO withdraws the Farm-in Agreement will terminate and then
Antipa will retain 100% ownership of the Farm-in Area.
Earn-in continues: A further A$26 million of optional expenditure within 6.5 years from
commencement to earn a 70% interest
Provided IGO has not withdrawn, IGO may sole fund a further A$26 million expenditure within 6.5
years from commencement of the Farm-in Agreement to earn a 70% interest in the Farm-in Area.
IGO can extend this earn-in period by up to two years in aggregate as a consequence of a force
majeure event, including any extension in the initial period noted above.
On and from the commencement of this stage IGO may elect to become the project operator with
effect from the end of a programme and budget or earlier if Antipa is in default, assigns its interest
in the tenements or is subject to a change of control event.
IGO can elect to withdraw from the Farm-in at the end of any programme and budget during this
stage, in which case the Farm-in Agreement will terminate and Antipa will retain 100% ownership
of the Farm-in area.

For personal use only

Joint Venture Agreement
Upon IGO earning a 70% interest, the parties will form a joint venture on terms agreed under a
joint venture agreement attached to the Farm-in Agreement whereby IGO will free-carry Antipa to
the completion of a Feasibility Study. After completion of a Feasibility Study the parties will
consider a decision to mine relating to the mining area the subject of the Feasibility Study (Mining
Area). If Antipa participates in the decision to mine the parties will form a new joint venture in
relation to the Mining Area, but if Antipa does not elect to participate in the decision to mine IGO
will be entitled to buy out Antipa’s interest in the Mining Area for fair market value or Antipa can
sell that interest to a third party.
The remainder of the Farm-in Area other than the Mining Area will remain the subject of the
existing joint venture agreement and going forward both parties will contribute equally to the joint
venture programmes on a pro-rata basis or dilute according to a standard dilution formula. Should
either party’s joint venture interest be diluted below 10%, their residual joint venture interest will
automatically convert to a 1% net smelter return royalty.
The Farm-in Agreement and joint venture agreement each contain other terms and conditions
standard for an agreement of that nature, including warranties, default, dispute resolution,
termination, force majeure and confidentiality provisions.
Share Placements
In addition to the Farm-in, IGO and Antipa have executed a subscription agreement whereby IGO
will acquire a 4.9% shareholding in Antipa at 2.75 cents per share representing a 25% premium to
Antipa’s 10-day VWAP prior to receipt by Antipa of a non-binding farm-in proposal from IGO . Also,
in accordance with Newcrest’s right under its executed subscription agreement with Antipa to be
given a reasonable opportunity to participate in the issue on equivalent terms (see ASX
announcement dated 28 February 2020), Newcrest and Antipa have executed a subscription
agreement pursuant to which Newcrest will acquire a further 13,065,500 shares in Antipa.
The Company will use its existing capacity under Listing Rule 7.1 to complete the Placements. The
Placements will comprise the issue of 131,974,500 shares at a price of 2.747 cents to raise $3.625
million (before costs). Settlement of the Placements is anticipated to occur on Monday, 13 July
2020.
Following completion of the Placement, Antipa anticipates holding cash in excess of $9 million.
Release authorised by
Stephen Power
Executive Chairman
For further information, please visit www.antipaminerals.com.au or contact:
Roger Mason
Managing Director
Antipa Minerals Ltd
+61 (0)8 9481 1103

Stephen Power
Executive Chairman
Antipa Minerals Ltd
+61 (0)8 9481 1103

Luke Forrestal
Associate Director
Media & Capital Partners
+61 (0)411 479 144

For personal use only

About Antipa Minerals: Antipa is a mineral exploration company focused on the Paterson Province in north-west
Western Australia, home to Newcrest Mining’s world-class Telfer gold-copper mine, Rio Tinto’s Winu copper-gold
deposit, Greatland Gold-Newcrest’s recent Havieron gold-copper discovery and other significant mineral deposits.
Having first entered the Paterson in 2011 when it was a less sought-after exploration address, the Company has
used its early mover advantage to build an enviable tenement holding of approximately 5,200km2, including the
1,316km2 Citadel Project that is subject to a $60 million Farm-in and Joint Venture Agreement with Rio Tinto (who
currently holds a 51% joint venture interest), the 2,180km2 Wilki Project that is subject to a $60 million Farm-in
and Joint Venture Agreement with Newcrest (who is yet to earn a joint venture interest) and the 1,563km2
Paterson Project that is subject to a $30 million Farm-in and Joint Venture Agreement with IGO (who is yet to earn
a joint venture interest). Antipa 100% retains 144km2 of the Minyari Dome, which hosts the Minyari-WACA Mineral
Resources plus other deposits and high quality exploration targets. Unlike certain parts of the Paterson where the
post mineralisation (younger) cover can be kilometres thick, making for difficult exploration, the Company’s
tenements feature relatively shallow cover; approximately 80% are under less than 80 metres of cover. The Citadel
Project lies within 5km of the Winu discovery and contains a Mineral Resource of 1.64 million ounces of gold and
128,000 tonnes of copper from two deposits, Calibre and Magnum. The Company retains 144km2 of 100%-owned
tenements which contains an additional established Mineral Resource, with the Minyari and WACA deposits
containing 723,000 ounces of gold and 26,000 tonnes of copper. Extensive drilling and geophysical surveys are
planned for 2020 across Antipa’s combined Paterson tenement portfolio as the company pursues a dual strategy
of targeting tier-one greenfields discoveries and growing its existing resources through brownfields exploration.

For personal use only

Forward-Looking Statements: This document may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements concerning Antipa Mineral Ltd’s planned exploration programme and other statements
that are not historical facts. When used in this document, the words such as "could," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend,"
"may," "potential," "should," and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Although Antipa Minerals Ltd believes
that its expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve risks and
uncertainties and no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements.
Competent Persons Statement – Exploration Results: The information in this document that relates to Exploration Results
is based on and fairly represents information and supporting documentation compiled by Mr Roger Mason, a Competent
Person who is a Member of The Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Mason is a full-time employee of the
Company. Mr Mason is the Managing Director of Antipa Minerals Limited, is a substantial shareholder of the Company and
is an option holder of the Company. Mr Mason has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of
deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. The Company
confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially
modified from the original market announcements, all of which are available to view on www.antipaminerals.com.au and
www.asx.com.au. Mr Mason, whose details are set out above, was the Competent Person in respect of the Exploration
Results in these original market announcements
Competent Persons Statement – Mineral Resource Estimations for the Minyari-WACA Deposits, Tim’s Dome and Chicken
Ranch Deposits, Calibre Deposit and Magnum Deposit: The information in this document that relates to relates to the
estimation and reporting of the Minyari-WACA deposits Mineral Resources is extracted from the report entitled
“Minyari/WACA Deposits Maiden Mineral Resources” created on 16 November 2017 with Competent Persons Kahan Cervoj
and Susan Havlin, the Tim’s Dome and Chicken Ranch deposits Mineral Resources is extracted from the report entitled
“Chicken Ranch and Tims Dome Maiden Mineral Resources” created on 13 May 2019 with Competent Person Shaun Searle,
the Calibre deposit Mineral Resource information is extracted from the report entitled “Calibre Deposit Mineral Resource
Update” created on 17 November 2017 with Competent Person John Graindorge and the Magnum deposit Mineral Resource
information is extracted from the report entitled “Calibre and Magnum Deposit Mineral Resource JORC 2012 Updates”
created on 23 February 2015 with Competent Person Patrick Adams, all of which are available to view on
www.antipaminerals.com.au and www.asx.com.au. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or
data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcements and that all material assumptions
and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant original market announcements continue to apply and
have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are
presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.
Gold Metal Equivalent Information - Calibre Mineral Resource AuEquiv cut-off grade: Gold Equivalent (AuEquiv) details of
material factors and metal equivalent formula are reported in “Calibre Deposit Mineral Resource Update” created on 17
November 2017 which is available to view on www.antipaminerals.com.au and www.asx.com.au.
Gold Metal Equivalent Information - Magnum Mineral Resource AuEquiv cut-off grade: Gold Equivalent (AuEquiv) details
of material factors and metal equivalent formula are reported in “Citadel Project - Calibre and Magnum Deposit Mineral
Resource JORC 2012 Updates” created on 23 February 2015 which is available to view on www.antipaminerals.com.au and
www.asx.com.au.

For personal use only

Mineral Resource Estimates

Note: Citadel Project Mineral Resources are tabled on a 100% basis, with Antipa’s current joint venture interest being 49%

