For personal use only

Developing the high-grade 2.3Moz Bellevue Gold Project in WA
A$120m equity raising to accelerate the pathway to resource growth and development

Equity Raising Presentation

Follow us @bellevuego l d

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Disclaimer & Cautionary Statements
This presentation has been prepared by Bellevue Gold Limited (the Company) and is authorised by the Board of Directors
of Bellevue Gold Limited. This presentation has been prepared in relation to a placement and security purchase plan
(Offer) of new fully paid ordinary shares in the Company to eligible shareholders.

DISCLAIMER

This presentation has been prepared by Bellevue Gold Limited (the Company) based on information from its own and
third party sources and is not a disclosure document. No party other than the Company has authorised or caused the
issue, lodgement, submission, despatch or provision of this presentation, or takes any responsibility for, or makes or
purports to make any statements, representations or undertakings in this presentation. Except for any liability that cannot
be excluded by law, the Company and its related bodies corporate, directors, employees, servants, advisers and agents
(Affiliates) disclaim and accept no responsibility or liability for any expenses, losses, damages or costs incurred by you
relating in any way to this presentation including, without limitation, the information contained in or provided in
connection with it, any errors or omissions from it however caused, lack of accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability
or you or any other person placing any reliance on this presentation, its accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability.
This presentation is not a prospectus, disclosure document or other offering document under Australian law or under any
other law. It is provided for information purposes and is not an invitation nor offer of shares or recommendation for
subscription, purchase or sale in any jurisdiction. This presentation does not purport to contain all the information that a
prospective investor may require in connection with any potential investment in the Company. Each recipient must make
its own independent assessment of the Company before acquiring any shares in the Company (Shares).

NOT INVESTMENT ADVICE

Each recipient of the Presentation should make its own enquiries and investigations regarding all information in this
Presentation including but not limited to the assumptions, uncertainties and contingencies which may affect future
operations of the Company and the impact that different future outcomes might have on the Company. Information in
this Presentation is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and has been prepared
without taking account of any person’s individual investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Before
making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider the appropriateness of the information having
regard to their own investment objectives, financial situation and needs and seek legal, accounting and taxation advice
appropriate to their jurisdiction. The Company is not licensed to provide financial product advice in respect of its
securities.

INVESTMENT RISK

There are a number of risks specific to the Company and of a general nature which may affect the future operating and
financial performance of the Company and the value of an investment in the Company, including and not limited to the
Company's capital requirements, the potential for shareholders to be diluted, risks associated with the reporting of
resources estimates, budget risks, underwriting risk, risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and operational risk. An
investment in new Shares is subject to known and unknown risks, some of which are beyond the control of the Company.
The Company does not guarantee any particular rate of return or the performance of the Company. Investors should
have regard to the risk factors outlined in this Presentation under the caption “Key Risks” when making their investment
decision.

FINANCIAL DATA

All dollar values are in Australian dollars (A$ or AUD) unless otherwise stated. The information contained in this
Presentation may not necessarily be in statutory format. Amounts, totals and change percentages are calculated on
whole numbers and not the rounded amounts presented. The pro forma historical financial information (to reflect the
funds raised under the placement and share purchase plan) provided in this presentation is for illustrative purposes only
and is not represented as being indicative of the Company’s views on its future financial condition and/or performance.
The pro forma historical financial information has been prepared by the Company in accordance with the measurement
and recognition requirements, but not the disclosure requirements, of applicable accounting standards and other
mandatory reporting requirements in Australia.

FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION

This presentation contains forward-looking statements. Wherever possible, words such as “intends”, “expects”,
“scheduled”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “believes”, and similar expressions or statements that certain actions, events or
results “may”, “could”, “would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved, have been used to identify these
forward-looking statements. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this release reflect management’s
current beliefs based upon information currently available to management and based upon what management
believes to be reasonable assumptions, the Company cannot be certain that actual results will be consistent with these
forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause events and achievements to differ materially from the
results expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These factors should be considered carefully and
prospective investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
necessarily involve significant known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties that may cause the Company's
actual results, events, prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forwardlooking statements. Although the Company has attempted to identify important risks and factors that could cause actual
actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other
factors and risks that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated or intended, including those risk
factors discussed in the Company’s public filings. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will
prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such
statements. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any
forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this presentation, and the Company assumes no obligation to
update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances, unless otherwise required by law. This presentation may
contain certain forward looking statements and projections regarding:
•
•
•
•

estimated resources and reserves;
planned production and operating costs profiles;
planned capital requirements; and
planned strategies and corporate objectives.

The Company does not make any representations and provides no warranties concerning the accuracy of the
projections, and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements/projects based on new
information, future events or otherwise except to the extent required by applicable laws.

2

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Disclaimer & Cautionary Statements
DISCLAIMER

Macquarie Capital (Australia) Limited (ABN 79 123 199 548) and Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited (ABN 19 075 071
466) are acting as joint lead managers and underwriters (Joint Lead Managers) to the Placement.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company and the Joint Lead Managers and their respective related
bodies corporate and affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisers (in respect of the
Joint Lead Managers, the Joint Lead Manager Parties): (i) disclaim all responsibility and liability (including, without
limitation, any liability arising from fault, negligence or negligent misstatement) for any loss (including consequential or
contingent loss or damage) arising from this Presentation or reliance on anything contained in or omitted from it or
otherwise arising in connection with this Presentation; (ii) disclaim any obligations or undertaking to release any updates
or revision to the information in this Presentation to reflect any change in expectations or assumptions; and (iii) do not
make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness of the information
in this Presentation or that this Presentation contains all material information about the Company, the Offer or that a
prospective investor or purchaser may require in evaluating a possible investment in the Company or acquisition of
shares in the Company, or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement or any event or results expressed or
implied in any forward-looking statement.
The Joint Lead Manager Parties take no responsibility for the Placement and make no recommendations as to whether
any person should participate in the Placement nor do they make any representations or warranties (express or implied)
concerning the Placement, and they disclaim (and by accepting this Presentation you disclaim) any fiduciary
relationship between them and the recipients of this Presentation, or any duty to the recipients of this Presentation or
participants in the Placement or any other person. The Joint Lead Manager Parties have not authorised, permitted or
caused the issue, submission, dispatch or provision of this Presentation and, for the avoidance of doubt, and except for
references to their name, none of the Joint Lead Manager Parties makes or purports to make any statement in this
Presentation and there is no statement in this Presentation which is based on any statement by any of them. The Joint
Lead Manager Parties may rely on information provided by or on behalf of institutional investors in connection with
managing, conducting and underwriting the Placement and without having independently verified that information and
the Joint Lead Manager Parties do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of that information.
The Joint Lead Manager Parties may have interests in the securities of the Company, including by providing corporate
advisory services to the Company. Further, the Joint Lead Manager Parties may act as market maker or buy or sell those
securities or associated derivatives as principal or agent. The Joint Lead Managers may receive fees for acting in its
capacity as joint lead managers and underwriters to the Placement.
You acknowledge and agree that determination of eligibility of investors for the purposes of the Offer is determined by
reference to a number of matters, including legal and regulatory requirements, logistical and registry constraints and the
discretion of the Company and the Joint Lead Managers and each of the Company and the Joint Lead Managers (and
their respective related bodies corporate, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and advisers) disclaim any duty
or liability (including for negligence) in respect of the exercise or otherwise of that discretion, to the maximum extent
permitted by law. For the avoidance of doubt, the SPP is not underwritten.

particular, this Presentation may not be distributed or released in the United States. The Shares have not been, and will
not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (U.S. Securities Act), or the securities laws of any
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the United States,
unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act (which the Company has no obligation to do or procure)
or are offered or sold in a transaction exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities
Act and any other applicable U.S. state securities laws. Refer to the “Key risks and international restrictions” section of this
Presentation for further details about international offer restrictions.

NO NEW INFORMATION OR DATA

This presentation contains references to Mineral Resource estimates, all of which have been cross referenced to previous
market announcements made by the Company. All material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the
Mineral Resource estimate (7.03Mt @ 10.0 g/t gold for 2.3M ounces of gold) in the ASX announcement titled "Bellevue
Gold – Maiden Indicated Resource 860,000oz at 11.6g/t gold” and dated 7 July 2020 continue to apply and have not
materially changed since last reported. A breakdown of the resource into its respective categories is set out in this
presentation. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included in the original market announcement and that the form and context in which Brian Wolfe and Sam
Brooks, (being the relevant Competent Person's) findings are presented have not been materially modified from the
original market announcement.
This presentation contains references to metallurgical test results. All material assumptions and technical parameters
underpinning the metallurgical test results in the ASX announcement titled “Metallurgical Tests Return Exceptionally High
Recoveries from Conventional Processing” and dated 24 June 2020 continue to apply and have not materially changed
since last reported.
Exploration results – Refer to ASX announcement on that said date for full details on these exploration results. Bellevue
Gold is not aware of any new information or data that materially effects the information in the said announcement.

INTERNATIONAL SELLING RESTRICTIONS

The distribution of this document in jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by law and you should observe any
such restrictions. In particular, this document may not be distributed in the United States and the securities referred to in
this document have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the “US Securities Act”).
Such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the
registration requirements of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws. Please refer to the section of this
document captioned “International offer restrictions" for more information.

The distribution of this Presentation in jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by law and you should observe any
such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws. In

2

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Disclaimer & Cautionary Statements
JORC CODE

It is a requirement of the ASX Listing Rules that the reporting of ore reserves and mineral resources in Australia comply with the Joint Ore Reserves Committee’s Australasian Code for Reporting of Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves ("JORC Code"). Investors outside Australia should note that while ore reserve and mineral resource estimates of the Company in this document comply with the JORC Code (such JORC Code-compliant ore reserves
and mineral resources being "Ore Reserves" and "Mineral Resources" respectively), they may not comply with the relevant guidelines in other countries and, in particular, do not comply with (i) National Instrument 43-101
(Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects) of the Canadian Securities Administrators (the "Canadian NI 43-101 Standards"); or (ii) Industry Guide 7, which governs disclosures of mineral reserves in registration statements filed
with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Information contained in this document describing mineral deposits may not be comparable to similar information made public by companies subject to the
reporting and disclosure requirements of Canadian or US securities laws. In particular, Industry Guide 7 does not recognise classifications other than proven and probable reserves and, as a result, the SEC generally does not
permit mining companies to disclose their mineral resources in SEC filings. You should not assume that quantities reported as “resources” will be converted to reserves under the JORC Code or any other reporting regime or that
the Company will be able to legally and economically extract them.
The information in this presentation that relates to mineral resources at the Bellevue Gold Project is based on, and fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by Mr Brian Wolfe, an independent
consultant specialising in mineral resource estimation, evaluation and exploration. Mr Wolfe is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Wolfe has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person (or “CP”) as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of the
Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code. Mr Wolfe has reviewed the contents of this ASX announcement and consents to the inclusion in this announcement of
all technical statements based on his information in the form and context in which they appear.
Information in this presentation that relates to exploration results is based on, and fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by Mr Sam Brooks, an employee of Bellevue Gold. Mr Brooks is a Member
of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Brooks has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a
Competent Person (or “CP”) as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Information in this announcement that relates to mineral resources. Mr Brooks is an employee and holds securities in Bellevue
Gold Limited and consents to the inclusion in this announcement of all technical statements based on his information in the form and context in which they appear.
For further details, please contact:

Mr Steve Parsons

Mr Luke Gleeson

Mr Paul Armstrong

Managing Director

Head of Corporate Development

Media Relations- Read Corporate

T: +61 8 64248077
E: admin@bellevuegold.com.au

T: +61 8 6424 8077
E: lgleeson@bellevuegold.com.au

T: +61 8 9388 1474
E: paul@readcorporate.com.au

REGISTERED ADDRESS
Level 3, Suite 3
24 Outram Street
West Perth WA 6005

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Investment Highlights

For personal use only

A$120m equity raising aimed at exploiting the project’s competitive advantages to accelerate
development and expansion of the high-grade Bellevue Gold Project
One of the highest-grade new gold discoveries globally (2.3Moz at 10g/t) located in the
highest rated mining jurisdiction globally; High-grade core of 480,000oz at 15.5g/t

Underground portal at Bellevue’s Paris pit marked up for re-entry

Tier 1 world class gold jurisdiction with +40Moz significant gold endowment

A significant and growing Mineral Resource 2.3Moz gold. Resource has grown at ~75koz per
month at a discovery cost of A$18/oz since the BGL discovery drill hole in Dec quarter 2017

Historical gold operation with 28km of existing underground infrastructure and recent
metallurgical testwork achieved 97.8% recoveries (gravity recoveries from 74%-92%)
Low capital intensive development anticipated given existing infrastructure and close
proximity to the high-grade Resource

Equity raising provides funding to accelerate resource growth and project development by
targeting UG drilling platforms; establishment and access to Viago and Deacon lodes
5

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Overview of equity raising

For personal use only

Bellevue Gold Limited is conducting a fully underwritten institutional placement to raise A$100 million
and a non-underwritten Share Purchase Plan to raise up to A$20 million (collectively “the Offer”)
Offer structure and size

•

Offer price

•
•
•

Bellevue is conducting the Offer to raise up to A$120 million, comprising
‒ A fully underwritten institutional placement of 100 million fully paid ordinary shares to raise A$100 million (Placement)
‒ A non-underwritten Share Purchase Plan (capped at A$30,000 per shareholder) to raise up to A$20 million (SPP)
Approximately 100 million new shares to be issued under the Placement representing 14.6% of existing shares on issue
New shares issued under the Offer will rank equally with existing shares on issue
Offer price of A$1.00 represents a:
‒ 10.7% discount to the last traded price of A$1.12 on Wednesday 8 July 2020
‒ 5.7% discount to the 2 day VWAP of $1.06 as at Wednesday 8 July 2020, following Bellevue’s maiden Indicated Resource announcement

Use of funds
(refer to page 12 for
further information)

•

Proceeds of the Offer will be used to accelerate the development of the Bellevue Project to fund:
‒ Ongoing step out exploration for further discoveries, Resource growth and infill drilling
‒ Re-establish access to underground and drill platforms
‒ Underground mine development including production decline and underground infrastructure
‒ Non-process infrastructure, and
‒ General working capital and offer costs

SPP details

•

Underwriting

•
•
•
•

Eligible Bellevue shareholders with a registered address in Australia or New Zealand will have the opportunity to apply for Bellevue shares
pursuant to a non-underwritten SPP
Offer price of A$1.00 per share, the same offer price as the Placement
Up to A$30,000 per Eligible Shareholder, targeting a maximum of up to $20 million
Bellevue reserves the right (in its absolute discretion) to scale back applications under the SPP if demand exceeds A$20m
Macquarie Capital (Australia) Limited and Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited are joint lead managers and underwriters of the Placement

6

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Timetable and pro-forma capital structure
Pro-forma financial impact and capital structure

Indicative timetable
Date1

Event
Record date for eligibility to participate in SPP

5.00pm, Wed 8 July 2020

Trading halt

Thu 9 July 2020

Launch of Offer and Investor Presentation

Thu 9 July 2020

Trading halt lifted and announcement of
completion of Placement

No later than Mon 13 July
2020

Settlement of Placement Shares

Tue 14 July 2020

Allotment of Placement Shares

Wed 15 July 2020

Dispatch SPP Offer Documents and SPP offer
open date

Mon 20 July 2020

SPP closing date

5.00pm, Friday 7 Aug 2020

Announcement of SPP Participation Results

Wed 12 Aug 2020

Issue of new shares under the SPP

Tue 18 Aug 2020

Shares on issue (m)

Cash at bank (A$m)2

30-June 2020 (unaudited)

685

23

Placement3

100

100

Pro-forma

785

123

SPP (up to)3

20

20

Pro-forma (up to)

805

143

7
Footnotes: 1. All times reference to Perth, Australia time unless denoted otherwise, the timetable is indicative only and remains
subject to change at Bellevue Gold Limited’s discretion, subject to compliance with applicable laws and the ASX listing rules
2. Cash adjusted for creditors. 3. Pre-offer costs

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Tier 1 location in world-class gold belt
Excellent infrastructure:
• Services at Leinster, Leonora and Wiluna

✓

• Daily flights - Perth to Leinster (only 40km
south)
• Sealed roads
• Close proximity to grid power

• Western Australia ranked number 1 in
Fraser Institute 2019 Mining Investment
Attractiveness Index

• Significant mines, infrastructure, Local &
Government support for mining

• Major gold deposits & producing gold
mines in proximity to Bellevue’s Projects
(Agnew Gold Fields, Jundee NST,
Thunderbox SAR, Gwalia SBM)

✓
Bellevue Mining Licence
2.3 Moz at 10.0 g/t gold

• Wiluna Belt endowment second only to
Kalgoorlie globally (+40Moz endowment)

• Water

Globally recognised Tier 1 mining
jurisdiction:

Historically significant gold producing region:

Wiluna Mining

• Bellevue has major landholding, of over
2,800km2

✓

Past production with outstanding geology:
• Granted Mining licenses

✓

• Previously produced 0.8Moz at 15g/t
between 1987 and 1997
• Underexplored and undeveloped for over
20 years
• Excellent gold recoveries from recently
released testwork of 97.8% and gravity
recoveries from 74% - 92%

8

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Resource
Update
7/07/20

Resource
Update
24/02/20

50,000

2.3Moz
at 10.0g/t

2.2Moz
at 11.3g/t
Resource
Update
15/07/19

40,000
35,000

2.0

1.8Moz
at 11.1g/t

Resource
Update
05/02/19

2.5

1.53Moz
at 11.8g/t

30,000

1.5

Resource
Update
22/10/18

25,000

1.04Moz
at 12.3g/t

20,000

1.0
Maiden
Resource
01/08/18

15,000

0.5Moz
at 8.2g/t

10,000
5,000

Q4 2017

Q1 2018

Discovery Drill Hole
7m at 27.4 g/t
(02/11/2017)

Q2 2018

Q3 2018

Q4 2018

Drill Meters per Quarter

Q1 2019

Q2 2020

Indicated Drilling

Q3 2019

Q4 2019

JORC Resources

Q1 2020

Q2 2020

Maiden Indicated
Resource
0.86Moz at 11.6 g/t
(07/07/20)

0.5

Gold Resources (Moz)

45,000

Indicated Resource

Drilling metres

For personal use only

A rapidly growing, multi-million ounce high-grade gold deposit
Resource Update
• Maiden Indicated Resource of 860,000oz
at 11.6g/t
• Includes high-grade core of 480,000oz at
15.5g/t that remains open in all
directions
• Mineralisation sits within close proximity
to existing underground infrastructure
• Stage 2 drilling underway to upgrade and
grow the 2.3Moz Resource in parallel
with project development work in 2H
CY20
• Further increase to Indicated Resource
planned for the December quarter 2020
Pathway to funding and development
• Improved Resource confidence
combined with equity raising will be
used to accelerate and the development
of the Bellevue Project
Dual exploration and development strategy
9

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Stage two drilling underway to grow maiden Indicated Resource

For personal use only

Indicated Resource (860koz at 11.6g/t) located (in blue) within existing discoveries, in close proximity
to underground infrastructure and with all Resources remaining open

10

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Dual exploration and development strategy

For personal use only

Maiden Indicated Resource combined with successful equity raising enables Bellevue to pursue the
planned dual exploration and Reserve development strategy to accelerate project development in
parallel with continued growth through exploration

1
•
•
•

•

2
•
•
•
•

Invest in low capital intensive underground drill
platforms and develop towards high-grade areas
De-watering existing mine to accelerate mine development
Maximising the use of existing underground infrastructure
Mine schedule built around targeting the high-grade core initially (currently
480,000oz at 15.5g/t Viago and Deacon lodes)
Drill platforms improve access to and reduce cost of future depth extension
exploration - current surface exploration discovery cost of A$18/oz

3
•
•

•

Ongoing exploration to grow the Resource and de-risk
the development pathway
Continuing to grow Indicated Resource (Dec quarter)
Fast tracking development towards the high grade core at Deacon and Viago
Continuing to grow Inferred Resource with step out drilling (Dec quarter)
Exploring under-drilled greenfield areas to grow the global Resource

•

A$35m exploration programme
A$35m budget across 18 months to focus on simultaneously increasing
Indicated Category and growing global Resource
Underground exploration 25% cheaper on a unit cost basis, a 50% faster
drilling rate and collar lengths ~50% closer to higher grade core
Increase Indicated Resource:
‒ Infill drilling to 40m x 40m spacing
‒ Grade control drilling to de-risk early stage mine schedule
‒ 2 drill rigs
‒ ~30,000m of surface drilling
‒ ~30,000m of underground drilling
Exploration drilling to increase global Resource:
‒ ~42,000m of surface drilling
‒ ~20,000m of underground drilling
‒ ~5,000m of EIS drilling focussing on deeper targets
‒ ~10,000m follow-up to recent Government Well discovery targets

11

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Sources and uses of funds

For personal use only

Proceeds from the Offer will be used to accelerate the development of the Bellevue Project: Ongoing
exploration, underground development, non-process infrastructure and provide working capital
Sources of funds
Current

A$m

Cash1

23

Proceeds from Placement

Proceeds from SPP

Total Sources

100

Up to 20

143
Footnotes: 1. Unaudited as at 30 June 2020 and post adjustment for creditors

Uses of funds

A$m

Ongoing Resource growth & discovery drilling
through step out, infill and discovery drilling from
surface & underground platforms (slides 14-17)

35

Re-establishing access for mechanised re-entry to
underground and drill platforms for infill and
extensional drilling and future production haulage

20

Underground mine development, developing the
production decline to both Viago and Deacon lodes
for mining and other underground infrastructure
including ventilation rises and power upgrades

40

Non-process infrastructure including camp, road
upgrades, power and communication upgrades

20

General working capital requirements and offer
costs

28

Total Uses

143

12

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Low capital intensive exploration and development

For personal use only

The $20m investment into re-establishing access will utilise existing infrastructure to accelerate
development and reduce overall capital intensity of development and drilling
• Existing Infrastructure - Over 28km of existing underground
development on site. Only minimal rehabilitation required to
access new areas

• $20m Re-establishing access for mechanised re-entry to
underground and drill platforms for infill and extensional drilling
and future production haulage

• Low capital intensity drilling and development- Ability to utilise
existing infrastructure to access new areas from 305 vertical
metres below surface and explore at a significantly lower cost

• High-grade Resource close to infrastructure - The maiden
860,000oz at 11.6g/t Indicated Resource consists of a highgrade core of 480,000oz at 15.5g/t, is located within a few
hundred metres of existing underground infrastructure and
contains consistent high-grade mineralisation that will be
targeted in the early mine life at the Project

• Exploration - Ongoing infill drilling to continue to focus on
material adjacent to this high-grade core that is near existing
infrastructure

13

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Exploration from underground a game changer

For personal use only

Part of the $35m exploration spend will utilise existing infrastructure to accelerate exploration and
significantly reduce capital intensity of exploration spend

• Over 28km of existing underground infrastructure on site
• High-grade core of maiden Indicated Resource (480,000oz at
15.5g/t) is located within a few hundred metres of existing
underground infrastructure and contains consistent high-grade
mineralisation that will be targeted in the early years of mine life
at the Project

• Planned diamond drilling from underground in Q4 CY2020
underground drilling is ~25% cheaper on a unit cost basis and
achieves a ~50% faster drilling rate and collar lengths ~50%
closer to higher grade mineralisation

• Ongoing infill drilling to continue to focus on mineralisation
adjacent to this high-grade core that is near existing
underground infrastructure

• $40m of development (as seen in green) will allow for first
access to the high grade core of 480,000oz at 15.5g/t at Viago
and Deacon (also seen in long section on slide 10)
14

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Resource extension targets remain open in all directions

For personal use only

As part of the $35m exploration spend drilling will be targeted from surface and underground; all
existing Resources remain open and the exploration strategy will target the Resource extensions along
all existing lodes
• In the near mine area, all
known lodes remain open
along strike and down plunge

• Targeting further blind new
discoveries analogous to the
Deacon and Viago Lodes

• Down Hole Electro-Magnetic
(DHEM) targeting greatly
increases drilling success

• ~67,000m drilling program to
focus on known strike
extensions and potential
repeats of mineralised Lodes

15

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

2020 EIS drilling: co-funded government exploration drilling
Summary EIS drilling
• 5,000m drill program designed to test for
further repetitions of the known third-order
high-grade mineralised Lodes (i.e. Bellevue,
Tribune, Viago, Deacon) to the east of
Deacon Lode
• Proven DHEM surveying will also be used to
refine further targeting
• Drill testing is being co-funded by the
Western Australia Exploration Incentive
Scheme (EIS) approved
Drill program
• 3 diamond drill extension holes planned to
test the target horizon along ~1,000m strike
& up/down dip ~1,000 m below surface
• 1st EIS hole has been collared, to be drilled
over coming weeks
16

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Global Resource growth and new discovery potential

For personal use only

Existing Resources open in all directions as well as a range
of exciting greenfield opportunities

Kathleen Valley
Government Well & Palmyra

17m at 4.2g/t gold from 19m
2m at 18.7 g/t gold from 32m
2m at 22.8 g/t gold from 8m

Bellevue intends to grow the Resource through step out drilling and has
commenced exploration within the 20km Bellevue mine corridor

•

•

Bellevue Northern extension
11m at 6.5 g/t gold from 35m
2m at 5.6 g/t gold from 64m

Westralia pit

Down hole electromagnetic surveys (DHEM) is an exploration tool that
allows for a competitive advantage in exploration that delivers rapid
cost effective discovery and Resource growth with no false conductors
identified to date

4m at 28.2 g/t gold from 57m
6m at 12.6 g/t gold from 23m

Vanguard pit
8m at 11.2 g/t gold from 27m
8m at 5.5 g/t gold from 64m

+20 KILOMETRES

Henderson pit
3m at 53 g/t gold from 13m

Bellevue West
102 g/t gold rock chips

Existing Bellevue Resource covers only 4km of strike on this trend

•

~10,000m planned for 20km Bellevue strike

•

Recent Government Well discovery (17m at 4.2 g/t)1 is an example of
the exciting exploration potential outside the existing Resource

•

Entire Bellevue system is untested at depth below ~650m and
mineralisation is projected to continue at depth
Footnotes: 1. Refer to ASX announcement on 10 June 2020.

Bellevue Project Total Resource
•
•
•
•
•

2.3 Moz at 10.0g/t gold
Bellevue Surrounds Lodes
Viago Lode
Tribune Lode
Southern Belle Lode
Deacon Lode

Exploration results: Refer to ASX announcements on 20/11/17, 22/3/18 , 17/7/18, 6/8/18, ASX 9/10/18,
26/9/18, 11/04/19 and 10/06/2020

17

www.bellevuegold.com.au

1

Current development timetable

Calendar Year 2020
Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Calendar Year 2021
Nov

Dec

Jan

Feb

Mar

Apr

May

Jun

Jul

Aug

Sep

Oct

Nov

Dec

Development

Dewatering activities
Inspect decline and ventilation
Re-establish Decline Access
Develop Viago & Deacon decline

Exploration

Non-process infrastructure

Surface Drilling
Underground Drilling

Progress Feasibility Studies

Corporate

For personal use only

Equity raising provides funding and flexibility to accelerate development and activities at Bellevue
with a view to finalising economic studies in Q1 2021

Financing Process
Procurement and contracting of construction
Commence construction

18
1. Please refer to key risks that may cause changes to the above mentioned timetable

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Key risk summary
Summary of key risks

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Development and mining
Estimates
Budget risk
Commodity prices
COVID-19
Additional requirements for capital

Exploration risk
Operations
Underwriting risk
Access to infrastructure

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Tenure
Approval risk
Access risk
Native Title risk
Payment obligations risk
Environmental risks

Contractual risks
Competition risks
Feasibility risk
Potential for dilution

19

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Conclusion: Exploiting our competitive advantages
One of Australia’s highest-grade gold mines, with exciting exploration potential and an accelerated
development timeline

10.0g/t

2.3Moz

GRADE
One of the highestgrade new gold
discoveries globally
in a Tier 1 mining
jurisdiction

SCALE
A globally
significant
high-grade
resource; one of the
fastest growing
resources in
Australia

GROWTH
Further upside
potential
Low discovery costs
of A$18/oz

Footnotes: 1. Assumes successful completion of Placement and SPP pre-offer costs

LOW CAPITAL
INTENSITY
28km of existing
underground
infrastructure and
average recoveries
of 97.8% on
testwork completed
to date

CASH
Strong cash
balance $143m1 to
increase Resource,
progress
exploration, and
accelerate
development
activities
20

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

21

Other Information
Follow us @bellevuego l d

www.bellevuegold.com.au

CORPORATE SUMMARY (pre offer)

For personal use only

BUILDING STRONG FOUNDATIONS
Current
ASX Code
ASX 300 (September 2019)
Shares on issue
Management & consultant options &
performance rights unlisted
(prices from $0.10 - $0.60)
Top 20 Shareholders

Current Share Price
BGL
685m

Proforma
(post-offer / offer price)3

A$1.12

A$1.00

Market Capitalisation

A$767m

A$805m

Cash1

~A$23m

~ A$143m

59m
~ 60%

Shareholder Summary2
Total Global & Australian Institutions

~ 58%

Substantial shareholders
- 1832 Asset Management LP
- Blackrock
- Van Eck
- Tolga Kumova

12.4%
9.1%
6.7%
5.7%

Board & Management (on a fully diluted basis)

~ 7.5 %

22
22
Footnotes: 1. Unaudited as at 30 June 2020 net of creditors; 2. As at 29 June 2020. 3. Assuming successful completion of Placement and SPP

www.bellevuegold.com.au

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

For personal use only

A TRACK RECORD OF CORPORATE SUCCESS

Non-Executive Independent
Chairman
Mr. Kevin Tomlinson

Managing Director
Mr. Steve Parsons

Non-Executive Independent Director
Ms. Fiona Robertson

Non-Executive Independent
Director
Ms. Shannon Coates

Mr Tomlinson has over 30 years
experience in Mining & Finance
with Toronto, Australian London
stock markets. He was
previously MD of Investment
Banking at Westwind Partners /
Stifel Nicolaus.
Kevin has extensive experience
in development, financing &
operations of mining projects
internationally a well as Mergers
& Acquisitions.
Kevin is also Non-Exec
Chairman of ASX / TSX Cardinal
Resources. Previous
Directorships incl Centamin Plc,
Orbis Gold & Medusa Mining.

Steve is an experienced
geologist with a proven track
record of mineral discoveries
and corporate growth with ASX
listed Companies.
Steve has previously worked for
major mining groups including
CRA Exploration & Placer Dome.
Prior to joining Bellevue Steve
was Managing Director and
founder of Gryphon Minerals Ltd
which grew to an ASX-200
company and was subsequently
acquired by a significant North
American gold producer.
Steve has also advised a number
of other ASX resource companies
over the years and has an
Honours Degree in Geology from
the University of Canterbury.

Ms. Robertson has more than 40
years’ experience in corporate
finance. She has worked previously
for The Chase Manhattan Bank in
London, New York & Sydney; as well
as CFO of ASX listed Delta Gold for 8
years. She was appointed a nonexec Director of Drillsearch Energy &
is currently a non-exec Director of
ASX Heron Resources & ASX-100
Whitehaven Coal.
Fiona was named 2017 Gender
Diversity Champion in Australian
Resources by ‘Women in Mining &
Resources National Awards’ & 2017
Gender Diversity Champion in NSW
Mining in the NSW Minerals’
Council’s Women in Mining Awards.
Fiona will Chair Bellevue’s Audit &
Risk Management Committee & be
a member of the Nomination &
Remuneration Committee.

Ms. Coates has more than 25
years’ experience in corporate
law & compliance to publicly
listed companies across multiple
jurisdictions. Shannon is a
qualified lawyer, Chartered
Secretary & graduate of the
AICD’s Company Directors
course.
She is a past recipient of the
West Australian Women in Mining
scholarship & was selected for
the AICD Chairman’s Mentoring
Program. Shannon is company
secretary to a number of ASX
companies, including Mincor
Resources, Tap Oil & ASX-200
Nearmap & is a Non-exec
Director of ASX listed Vmoto.
Shannon will Chair Bellevue’s
Nomination & Remuneration
Committee & be a member of
the Audit & Risk Management
Committee.

Executive Director &
Company Secretary
Mr. Michael Naylor
Michael has 24 years experience
in corporate advisory & public
company management since
commencing his career &
qualifying as a chartered
accountant with EY. Michael has
been involved in the financial
management of resources
focused companies serving on
the board & in the executive
management team focusing on
advancing & developing mineral
resource assets & business
development. He has previously
worked in a senior finance
position at ASX listed gold
producer Resolute Mining, CFO
as gold producer Dragon Mining
& was also the CFO of ASX listed
Gryphon Minerals & currently
Non-Exec Director Australian
subsidiary to TSX listed Teranga
Gold Corp. Michael has
extensive experience in financial
reporting, capital raisings, debt
financings & treasury
management of resource
companies.

23

www.bellevuegold.com.au

EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM

For personal use only

BUILDING A TEAM WITH A TRACK RECORD OF DISCOVERY THROUGH TO MULTI-MINE PRODUCTION

GM People and Company Culture
Ms Daina Del Borrello
Daina is an experienced
Human Resources professional
with over 18 years’ experience
working in Mining HR
developing and implementing
strategies and initiatives which
align with the overall business
strategy. Daina holds a track
record of success in managing
employee relations issues, the
development and
management of company
culture, employee
development and the
recruitment and selection
process.
Daina holds a Bachelor of
Psychology Degree specialising
in Organisational Psychology.

Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Craig Jones

Chief Geologist
Mr. Sam Brooks

Head of Corporate Development
Mr. Luke Gleeson

Mr. Jones is a highly experienced
mining executive and qualified
mining engineer with more than 26
years’ experience in West Australian
underground hard-rock mining
within the resource industry. Prior to
his appointment in December 2019,
he held senior roles in operations,
mine management and business
development for various mining
companies including Norther Star
Resources.

Sam is a geologist with over 15
years of experience in gold
and mineral exploration,
resource estimation and project
development.

Mr. Gleeson was previously head of
Investor Relations and a Business
Development Officer with ASX listed
gold producer Northern Star
Resources (NST) for 5 years.

He has been instrumental in
leading geological teams to
over 7 million oz of gold
discoveries globally.

At NST he was involved with their
asset acquisitions and played key
roles in securing equity funding &
communicating to the global
analyst & investment community.

Mr. Jones has a Bachelor of
Engineering (Mining) from the
University of Ballarat and holds a
WA First Class Mine Manager’s
Certificate.

Sam holds a Bachelor of
Science degree majoring in
Geology, Otago University, with
postgraduate geostatistics and
is a member of the AIG.

He has a Bachelor of International
Finance from Griffith University &
post-graduate qualifications in
Mineral Exploration Geoscience & a
Master’s of Science (MSc) in Mineral
Economics, Western Australian
School of Mines and is also a
Member of AusIMM

24

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Bellevue

surface

-500m

Jundee

Bellevue Gold

Northern Star

~800koz produced
Current resource
2.3Moz at 10g/t
gold

Historically
produced
5.5Moz

Darlot
Red 5

(previously Goldfields)

Historically
produced
3.5Moz

Kanowna Belle

Agnew

Gwalia

Northern Star

Goldfields

St Barbara

Historically
produced
4.9Moz

Historically
produced
3.5Moz

Historically
Produced
5.5Moz

surface

-500m

Open

-1,000m

-1,000m

-1500m

deep
drilling

deeper drilling

Source: information is from most recent ASX & TSX Company reports and company websites

deeper drilling

-2000m

deep Seismic & drilling

-1500m

Never
been
drilled

+3km deep drilling

For personal use only

Depth Potential of Archean Gold Systems: A lot further to go

-2000m

25

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Key De-risking Events

For personal use only

A pathway to realising and unlocking shareholder value

KEY DE-RISKING EVENTS ACHIEVED ON THE PROJECT TO DATE

►Key Building Blocks and achievements
✓ Demonstrate the quality of the asset – drill out a maiden Indicated
Resource

✓ Demonstrate standout exploration capabilities and orebody qualities
✓ Leveraging existing historic mining infrastructure
✓ Dewater the underground infrastructure
✓ Conduct Geo-technical and underground inspection work
✓ Well advanced Metallurgical project test work

✓ Discover additional early stage mine schedule
✓ Engage a world class consultant that have proven track record in
project delivery
✓ Preliminary mine design work
✓ Ensure that balance sheet funding is adequate to deliver into dual
development and exploration strategies
✓ Progress environmental and flora and fauna studies

Bellevue team underground April 2020

www.bellevuegold.com.au

Resource Estimate Bellevue Gold Project
Independent JORC 2012 resource estimate for the Bellevue Gold Project (ASX 7 July 2020):

For personal use only

3.5 g/t gold lower cut-off, totals rounded to reflect acceptable precision

Indicated

Tonnes (Mt)
Viago
Deacon
Tribune
Hamilton
Bellevue Remnant
Vanguard Pit
Southern Belle
Total
Deacon and Viago Main
Combined

Tonnes (Mt)

0.89
0.43
0.64
0.26
0.09
2.31

Gold
(Moz)
0.33
0.25
0.18
0.08
0.02
0.86

0.97

15.5

0.48

Indicated
Lower
cut-off

Inferred

Grade
(g/t)
11.4
18.0
8.1
9.3
6.8
11.6

0.53
1.50
0.39
0.66
1.28
0.04
0.36
4.72

Grade
(g/t)
8.5
9.2
8.5
7.5
11.1
5.4
10.4
9.2

Gold
(Moz)
0.14
0.44
0.07
0.16
0.46
0.06
0.12
1.40

1.8

9.3

0.53

Inferred

Total

Tonnes
(Mt)

Grade
(g/t)

Gold
(Moz)

Tonnes
(Mt)

Grade
(g/t)

Gold
(Moz)

Tonnes
(Mt)

Grade
(g/t)

Gold
(Moz)

2.0 g/t

2.68

10.3

0.89

5.77

8.0

1.49

3.5 g/t

2.31

11.6

0.86

4.72

9.2

1.40

8.46

8.8

2.38

7.03

10.0

2.26

5.0 g/t

1.93

13.0

0.81

3.74

10.5

1.26

5.68

11.3

2.07

27

Note: Rounding has been applied to represent appropriate precision Sub domains may not equal total estimate due to rounding

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

28

Key risks and international restrictions
Follow us @bellevuego l d

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Key risks
Risk factors
This section identifies the areas that the directors regard as the major risks associated with an
investment in the Company. Investors should be aware that an investment in the Company involves
many risks, which may be higher than the risks associated with an investment in other companies.
There are numerous widespread risks associated with investing in any form of business and with
investing in the share market generally. There is also a range of specific risks associated with the
Company's business. Many of these risk factors are beyond the control of the Company and its
directors because of the nature of the business of the Company. The following summary, which is not
exhaustive, represents some of the major risk factors which potential investors need to be aware of.
Feasibility risk
The Company's development aims are likely to include the preparation of a pre-feasibility and
feasibility (or comparable) study on the Bellevue Gold Project (Studies). As such, the final economic
and technical viability of the Bellevue Gold Project is yet to be determined and any approval by the
Company's Board to proceed with the project will be subject to the outcome of the Studies. There is a
risk that (in the event that conclusions of the Studies are unfavourable) the Company does not
proceed with the project or that the estimated capital expenditure, operating costs or proposed
timing of the project are less favourable from those determined in the Studies.
Additional requirements for capital
The future capital requirements of the Company will depend on many factors including the results of
future exploration and development activities. The Company believes its available cash and
resources following the capital raising should be adequate to fund its obligations in respect of its
exploration and development activities and other objectives for the next 12-18 months. Additional
funds will be required to advance the Company's projects towards production to finance the project.

scope of its operations and scale back its programs or enter into joint venture arrangements to
reduce expenditure and this could have a material adverse effect on the Company's activities.
Unfavourable market conditions may adversely affect the Company's ability to raise additional
funding regardless of the Company's operating performance.
Potential for Dilution and Control Risk
Upon completion of the Offer, the number of Shares in the Company will increase from 684,551,731 to
approximately 804,551,731. This equates to approximately 18% of all the issued Shares in the Company
immediately following completion of the Offer. This means that to the extent Shareholders do not
participate in the Offer their holdings are likely to be diluted by approximately 18% following
completion of the Offer.
Estimates
Mineral resources and ore reserves are estimates only and no assurance can be given that any
particular level of recovery of gold or other minerals will in fact be realised or that an identified
mineral deposit will ever qualify as a commercially mineable (or viable) ore body which can be
economically exploited.
Mineral resources which are not ore reserves may not have demonstrated economic viability. These
estimates are prepared in accordance with the JORC Code 2012 and are expressions of judgement
based on knowledge, experience and industry practice, and may require revision based on actual
production experience which could in turn affect the Company's mining plans and ultimately its
financial performance and value. Estimates that are valid when made may change significantly
when new information becomes available. In addition, gold price fluctuations, as well as increased
production costs or reduced throughput and/or recovery rates, may render reserves and resources
uneconomic and so may materially affect the estimates.

Additional funding may be raised by the Company via the issues of equity, debt or a combination of
debt and equity or asset sales. Any additional equity financing will dilute shareholdings, and debt
financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing and operating activities.

If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required to reduce the

29

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Key risks
Budget risk

Development and mining

The exploration and development costs of the Company are based on certain assumptions with
respect to the method and timing of exploration and development. By their nature, these estimates
and assumptions are subject to uncertainties and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially differ
from these estimates and assumptions.

Ultimate and continuous success of the Company's activities is dependent on a number of factors
including:

COVID-19 risk

b) The finalisation of an economic definitive feasibility study

Supply chain disruptions resulting from the transmission of COVID-19 in the community and measures
implemented by governments around the world to limit the transmission of the virus may adversely
impact the Company’s operations, financial position, prospects and ability to raise capital. Interstate
travel bans may also lead to shortages of skilled personnel. Further outbreaks of COVID-19 and the
implementation of intrastate travel restrictions also have the potential to restrict access to site.

c) access to adequate capital to fund and develop its projects;

Operations
The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors including failures in internal
controls and financial fraud. To the extent that such matters may be within the control of the
Company, the risks are managed through management and supervision controls.
The exploration programs of the Company and project may be affected by numerous factors
beyond the control of the Company. These may include adverse weather conditions, industrial and
environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of
consumables, plant and equipment, and events involving fire or explosions and the occurrence of
other incidents beyond the control of the Company.
Exploration risk
Mineral exploration by its nature is a high risk activity and there can be no guarantee of exploration
success on the Company's projects. There can be no assurance that exploration of the tenements, or
any other tenements that may be acquired in the future, will result in the discovery of an economic
deposit. Even if an apparently viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee that it can be
economically exploited.
Further, exploration involves certain operating hazards, such as failure and or breakdown of
equipment, adverse geological, seismic and geotechnical conditions, industrial accidents, labour
disputes, adverse weather conditions, pollution and other environmental hazards and risks.

a) the development of economically recoverable Ore Reserves;

d) construction of efficient development and production infrastructure within capital expenditure
budgets;
e) securing and maintaining title to interests;
f)

obtaining regulatory consents and approvals necessary for the conduct of mineral exploration,
development and production; and

g) retention of appropriately skilled and experienced employees, contractors and consultants.
The Company's operations may be delayed or prevented as a result of factors including weather
conditions, mechanical difficulties or a shortage of technical expertise or equipment. There may be
difficulties with obtaining government and/or third-party approvals, operational difficulties
encountered with construction, extraction and production activities, unexpected shortages or
increase in the price of consumables, plant and equipment, cost overruns or lack of access to
required levels of funding. The Company's operations may be curtailed or disrupted by a number of
risks beyond its control such as environmental hazards, industrial accidents and disputes, technical
failures, unusual or unexpected geological conditions, adverse weather conditions, fires, explosions
and other accidents.
The occurrence of any of these circumstances could result in the Company not realising its
operational or development plans or in such plans costing more than expected or taking longer to
realise than expected. Any of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on the Company's
financial and operational performance.

30

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Key risks
Access to infrastructure

Approval risks

Mining, processing, development and exploration activities depend, to a significant degree, on
adequate infrastructure. In the course of developing future mines, the Company may need to
construct and/or update existing infrastructure, which includes permanent water supplies,
dewatering, tailings storage facilities, power, maintenance facilities and logistics services and access
roads. Reliable roads, bridges, power sources and water supply are important determinants, which
affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage,
government or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could
materially adversely affect the Company's operations, financial condition and results of operations.
Any such issues arising in respect of the supporting infrastructure or on the Company's sites could
materially adversely affect the Company's results of operations or financial condition. Furthermore,
any failure or unavailability of the Company's operational infrastructure (for example, through
equipment failure or disruption to its transportation arrangements) could materially adversely affect its
exploration activities or development of a mine or project.

The Company will be reliant on heritage, environmental and other approvals in Western Australia to
enable it to proceed with the exploration and development of any of its tenements or the granting of
its tenement applications. There is no guarantee that the required approvals will be granted, and
failure by the Company to obtain the relevant approvals, or any delay in the award or transfer of the
approvals, may materially and adversely affect the Company's ability to proceed with its proposed
exploration and development programs.

Tenure risk
Interests in tenements in Australia are governed by state legislation and are evidenced by the
granting of licenses or leases. Each license or lease is for a specific term and has annual expenditure
and reporting commitments, together with other conditions requiring compliance. The Company
could lose its title to or its interest in one or more of the tenements in which it has an interest if license
conditions are not met or if insufficient funds are available to meet the minimum expenditure
commitments.
The Company's tenements, and other tenements in which the Company may acquire an interest, will
be subject to renewal, which is usually at the discretion of the relevant authority. If a tenement is not
renewed the Company may lose the opportunity to discover mineralisation and develop that
tenement.

Access
There is a substantial level of regulation and restriction on the ability of exploration and mining
companies to have access to land in Australia. Negotiations with both native title holders and land
owners/occupiers are generally required before gaining access to land for exploration and mining
activities. Inability or delays in gaining such access may adversely impact the Company's ability to
undertake its proposed activities. The Company may need to enter into compensation and access
agreements before gaining access to land.
Native title
Many of the areas the subject of the Company's tenements or tenement applications, are subject in
whole or part to native title determinations, or claims made by native title parties, and may contain
aboriginal heritage sites. The ability of the Company to undertake exploration or development
operations on such tenements may be delayed or prohibited in the event that applicable consents
cannot be obtained from the relevant native title parties.

The Company cannot guarantee that any of its tenement applications will be granted, or that
tenements in which it presently has an interest will be renewed beyond their current expiry date.

31

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

Key risks
Commodity price volatility

Competition

If the Company achieves success leading to mineral production, the revenue it will derive through the
sale of commodities exposes the potential income of the Company to price and exchange rate risks.
Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many factors beyond the control of the Company
including the international supply and demand for commodities, the quality of the minerals
produced, actions taken by governments, forward selling activities and other macro-economic
factors.

The Company will compete with other companies, including major gold companies in Australia and
internationally. Some of these companies will have greater financial and other resources than the
Company and, as a result, may be in a better position to compete for future business opportunities.
There can be no assurance that the Company can compete effectively with these companies.

Payment obligations

The Company has entered into an underwriting agreement with the Joint Lead Managers who have
agreed to fully underwrite the Placement, subject to certain terms and conditions. If certain
conditions are not satisfied or certain events occur, the Joint Lead Managers may terminate the
Underwriting Agreement. There is a risk that the Underwriting Agreement may terminate before the
Placement has settled. If the Underwriting Agreement is terminated and the Placement does not
proceed or does not raise the funds required for the Company to meet its stated objectives, the
Company would be required to find alternative financing to meet its objectives. In those
circumstances, there is no guarantee that alternative funding could be sourced in the quantum and
at the price sought.

Pursuant to the licences comprising the Company's projects, the Company will become subject to
payment and other obligations. In particular, licence holders are required to expend the funds
necessary to meet the minimum work commitments attaching to the tenements. Failure to meet
these work commitments may render the licence liable to be cancelled or its size reduced. Further, if
any contractual obligations are not complied with when due, in addition to any other remedies that
may be available to other parties, this could result in dilution or forfeiture of the Company's interest in
its projects.

Underwriting Risk

Environmental risk
Mineral extraction and processing is an industry that has become subject to increasing environmental
responsibility and liability. Future legislation and regulations or environmental regulations applying to
mining operations may impose significant environmental obligations on the Company. The Company
intends to conduct its activities in a responsible manner which minimises its impact on the
environment, and in accordance with applicable laws.

Contractual risks
The Company will rely significantly on strategic relationships with other entities and also on a good
relationship with regulatory and government departments and other interest holders. The Company
will also rely on third parties to provide essential contracting services. There can be no assurance that
its existing relationships will continue to be maintained or that new ones will be successfully formed.
The Company could be adversely affected by changes to such relationships or difficulties in forming
new ones.

32

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

International offer restrictions
This document does not constitute an offer of new ordinary shares ("New Shares") of the Company in any
jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful. In particular, this document may not be distributed to any person, and
the New Shares may not be offered or sold in the Placement, in any country outside Australia except to the extent
permitted below.
Bermuda
No offer or invitation to subscribe for New Shares may be made to the public in Bermuda. No invitation is being
made to persons resident in Bermuda for exchange control purposes to subscribe for New Shares.
Canada (British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec provinces)
This document constitutes an offering of New Shares only in the Provinces of British Columbia, Ontario and
Quebec (the "Provinces"), only to persons to whom New Shares may be lawfully distributed in the Provinces, and
only by persons permitted to sell such securities. This document is not, and under no circumstances is to be
construed as, an advertisement or a public offering of securities in the Provinces. This document may only be
distributed in the Provinces to persons that are "accredited investors" within the meaning of NI 45-106 – Prospectus
Exemptions, of the Canadian Securities Administrators.
No securities commission or similar authority in the Provinces has reviewed or in any way passed upon this
document, the merits of the New Shares or the offering of New Shares and any representation to the contrary is
an offence.
No prospectus has been, or will be, filed in the Provinces with respect to the offering of New Shares or the resale of
such securities. Any person in the Provinces lawfully participating in the offer will not receive the information, legal
rights or protections that would be afforded had a prospectus been filed and receipted by the securities
regulator in the applicable Province. Furthermore, any resale of the New Shares in the Provinces must be made in
accordance with applicable Canadian securities laws which may require resales to be made in accordance with
exemptions from dealer registration and prospectus requirements. These resale restrictions may in some
circumstances apply to resales of the New Shares outside Canada and, as a result, Canadian purchasers should
seek legal advice prior to any resale of the New Shares.
The Company as well as its directors and officers may be located outside Canada and, as a result, it may not be
possible for purchasers to effect service of process within Canada upon the Company or its directors or officers. All
or a substantial portion of the assets of the Company and such persons may be located outside Canada and, as
a result, it may not be possible to satisfy a judgment against the Company or such persons in Canada or to
enforce a judgment obtained in Canadian courts against the Company or such persons outside Canada.
Any financial information contained in this document has been prepared in accordance with Australian
Accounting Standards and also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Unless stated otherwise, all dollar amounts contained in
this document are in Australian dollars.

Statutory rights of action for damages and rescission
Securities legislation in certain of the Provinces may provide purchasers with, in addition to any other rights they
may have at law, rights of rescission or to damages, or both, when an offering memorandum that is delivered to
purchasers contains a misrepresentation. These rights and remedies must be exercised within prescribed time limits
and are subject to the defenses contained in applicable securities legislation. Prospective purchasers should refer
to the applicable provisions of the securities legislation of their respective Province for the particulars of these
rights or consult with a legal adviser.
The following is a summary of the statutory rights of rescission or to damages, or both, available to purchasers in
Ontario. In Ontario, every purchaser of the New Shares purchased pursuant to this document (other than (a) a
"Canadian financial institution" or a "Schedule III bank" (each as defined in NI 45-106), (b) the Business
Development Bank of Canada or (c) a subsidiary of any person referred to in (a) or (b) above, if the person owns
all the voting securities of the subsidiary, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by the directors
of that subsidiary) shall have a statutory right of action for damages and/or rescission against the Company if this
document or any amendment thereto contains a misrepresentation. If a purchaser elects to exercise the right of
action for rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages against the Company. This right of
action for rescission or damages is in addition to and without derogation from any other right the purchaser may
have at law. In particular, Section 130.1 of the Securities Act (Ontario) provides that, if this document contains a
misrepresentation, a purchaser who purchases the New Shares during the period of distribution shall be deemed
to have relied on the misrepresentation if it was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase and has a right of
action for damages or, alternatively, may elect to exercise a right of rescission against the Company, provided
that (a) the Company will not be liable if it proves that the purchaser purchased the New Shares with knowledge
of the misrepresentation; (b) in an action for damages, the Company is not liable for all or any portion of the
damages that the Company proves does not represent the depreciation in value of the New Shares as a result of
the misrepresentation relied upon; and (c) in no case shall the amount recoverable exceed the price at which
the New Shares were offered.
Section 138 of the Securities Act (Ontario) provides that no action shall be commenced to enforce these rights
more than (a) in the case of any action for rescission, 180 days after the date of the transaction that gave rise to
the cause of action or (b) in the case of any action, other than an action for rescission, the earlier of (i) 180 days
after the purchaser first had knowledge of the fact giving rise to the cause of action or (ii) three years after the
date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action. These rights are in addition to and not in derogation
from any other right the purchaser may have.
Certain Canadian income tax considerations. Prospective purchasers of the New Shares should consult their own
tax adviser with respect to any taxes payable in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposition of the New
Shares as any discussion of taxation related matters in this document is not a comprehensive description and
there are a number of substantive Canadian tax compliance requirements for investors in the Provinces.

33

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

International offer restrictions
Canada (British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec provinces) (cont.)
Language of documents in Canada. Upon receipt of this document, each investor in Canada hereby confirms
that it has expressly requested that all documents evidencing or relating in any way to the sale of the New Shares
(including for greater certainty any purchase confirmation or any notice) be drawn up in the English language
only. Par la réception de ce document, chaque investisseur canadien confirme par les présentes qu’il a
expressément exigé que tous les documents faisant foi ou se rapportant de quelque manière que ce soit à la
vente des valeurs mobilières décrites aux présentes (incluant, pour plus de certitude, toute confirmation d’achat
ou tout avis) soient rédigés en anglais seulement.
European Union
This document has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by any securities regulator in the
European Union. Accordingly, this document may not be made available, nor may the New Shares be offered for
sale, in the European Union except in circumstances that do not require a prospectus under Article 1(4) of
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union (the "Prospectus
Regulation").
In accordance with Article 1(4)(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, an offer of New Shares in the European Union is
limited to persons who are "qualified investors" (as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation).
Japan
The New Shares have not been and will not be registered under Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments
and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEL") pursuant to an exemption from the
registration requirements applicable to a private placement of securities to Qualified Institutional Investors (as
defined in and in accordance with Article 2, paragraph 3 of the FIEL and the regulations promulgated
thereunder). Accordingly, the New Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for
the benefit of, any resident of Japan other than Qualified Institutional Investors. Any Qualified Institutional Investor
who acquires New Shares may not resell them to any person in Japan that is not a Qualified Institutional Investor,
and acquisition by any such person of New Shares is conditional upon the execution of an agreement to that
effect.
Malaysia
This document may not be distributed or made available in Malaysia. No approval from, or recognition by, the
Securities Commission of Malaysia has been or will be obtained in relation to any offer of New Shares. The New
Shares may not be offered, sold or issued in Malaysia except pursuant to, and to persons prescribed under,
Schedules 5 and 6 of the Malaysian Capital Markets and Services Act.
New Zealand
This document has not been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority under
the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the "FMC Act"). The New Shares are not being offered or sold in New
Zealand (or allotted with a view to being offered for sale in New Zealand) other than to a person who:

•
•
•
•
•

is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or
is an eligible investor within the meaning of clause 41 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.

Norway
This document has not been approved by, or registered with, any Norwegian securities regulator under the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. Accordingly, this document shall not be deemed to
constitute an offer to the public in Norway within the meaning of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The New
Shares may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Norway except to "professional clients" (as defined in
the Norwegian Securities Trading Act).
Singapore
This document and any other materials relating to the New Shares have not been, and will not be, lodged or
registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this document
and any other document or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or
purchase, of New Shares, may not be issued, circulated or distributed, nor may the New Shares be offered or sold,
or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in
Singapore except pursuant to and in accordance with exemptions in Subdivision (4) Division 1, Part XIII of the
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), or as otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance
with the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.
This document has been given to you on the basis that you are (i) an existing holder of the Company’s shares, (ii)
an "institutional investor" (as defined in the SFA) or (iii) an "accredited investor" (as defined in the SFA). In the event
that you are not an investor falling within any of the categories set out above, please return this document
immediately. You may not forward or circulate this document to any other person in Singapore.
Any offer is not made to you with a view to the New Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party.
There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore that may be applicable to investors who acquire New Shares. As such,
investors are advised to acquaint themselves with the SFA provisions relating to resale restrictions in Singapore and
comply accordingly.

Switzerland
The New Shares may not be publicly offered in Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange or on
any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering
or marketing material relating to the New Shares constitutes a prospectus or a similar notice, as such terms are
understood under art. 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act or the listing rules of any stock exchange or regulated
trading facility in Switzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Shares may be publicly
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. The New Shares will only be offered to investors
who qualify as "professional clients" (as defined in the Swiss Financial Services Act). This document is personal to
the recipient and not for general circulation in Switzerland.

34

www.bellevuegold.com.au

For personal use only

International offer restrictions
Switzerland (cont.)
No offering or marketing material relating to the New Shares has been, nor will be, filed with or approved by any
Swiss regulatory authority or authorised review body. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the
offer of New Shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).

that are not US persons and for which they exercise investment discretion, within the meaning of Rule
902(k)(2)(i) of Regulation S under the US Securities Act.

United Kingdom
Neither this document nor any other document relating to the offer has been delivered for approval to the
Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom and no prospectus (within the meaning of section 85 of the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA")) has been published or is intended to be published
in respect of the New Shares.
The New Shares may not be offered or sold in the United Kingdom by means of this document or any other
document, except in circumstances that do not require the publication of a prospectus under section 86(1) of the
FSMA. This document is issued on a confidential basis in the United Kingdom to "qualified investors" (within the
meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (2017/1129/EU), replacing section 86(7) of the FSMA). This
document may not be distributed or reproduced, in whole or in part, nor may its contents be disclosed by
recipients, to any other person in the United Kingdom.
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA)
received in connection with the issue or sale of the New Shares has only been communicated or caused to be
communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be communicated in the United Kingdom in
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Company.
In the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed at, persons (i) who have
professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) (investment professionals) of
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotions) Order 2005 ("FPO"), (ii) who fall within the
categories of persons referred to in Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations,
etc.) of the FPO or (iii) to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated (together "relevant persons"). The
investment to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant
person should not act or rely on this document.
United States
This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States.
The New Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 or the securities
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the New Shares may not be offered or sold
in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the US
Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.
The New Shares will only be offered and sold in the United States to:
•
“qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A under the US Securities Act); and
•
dealers or other professional fiduciaries organized or incorporated in the United States that are acting for a
discretionary or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or account of persons

35

www.bellevuegold.com.au

