Not for release to US wire services or distribution in the United States

09/07/2020

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

Bellevue launches fully underwritten $100m
placement to fund resource growth and accelerate
project development

Raising will see Bellevue fully funded for aggressive exploration campaign to upgrade and
increase resources while advancing underground development on the pathway to resource
growth and development

Key Points

•

Bellevue is undertaking a fully underwritten placement within its existing Listing Rule 7.1
placement capacity to raise A$100 million (“Placement”)

•

Placement issue price of A$1.00 per share, representing a discount of 10.7% to the last closing price
and 5.7% to the 2 day-trading volume weighted average market price (“VWAP”) following
Bellevue’s maiden Indicated Resource announcement

•

Bellevue is also undertaking a non-underwritten Share Purchase Plan (“SPP”) for all eligible
shareholders to raise up to A$20m at the same issue price as the Placement

•

Proceeds from the Placement and SPP will be used to accelerate the development of the Project
to fund:
o Growth of the existing 2.3Moz Resource at the Bellevue Gold Project in WA1
o Further expand the Indicated Resource of 860,000oz at 11.6g/t and grow the high-grade core
of 480,000oz at 15.5g/t by upgrading more of the Inferred Resource1
o Ongoing step out exploration for further discoveries as all lodes remain open in every
direction
o Further regional exploration
o Re-establish access for mechanised re-entry to underground and establish drill platforms
o Fund underground mine development, including production decline and infrastructure
o Establish non-processing infrastructure
o General working capital and offer costs

1

As announced on 7 July 2020. All material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource continue
to apply and have not materially changed since last reported. Bellevue is not aware of any new information or data that
materially affects the ASX announcement. A breakdown of the Resource is set out at the end of this announcement.

ASX: BGL
T: +61 8 6424 8077
E: admin@bellevuegold.com.au
W: www.bellevuegold.com.au

Principal & Registered Office:
Level 3, Suite 3
24 Outram Street
West Perth WA 6005

Kevin Tomlinson - Non-Executive Chairman
Steve Parsons - Managing Director
Michael Naylor - Executive Director & Company Secretary
Shannon Coates - Non-Executive Director
Fiona Robertson - Non-Executive Director

For personal use only

Bellevue Gold (ASX: BGL) (“Bellevue” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the launch of a fully underwritten
institutional placement of new fully paid ordinary shares (“New Shares”) to raise approximately A$100 million
(before costs) (“Placement”) and a non-underwritten Share Purchase Plan to raise up to A$20 million (“SPP”) (with
the Placement and SPP collectively the “Equity Raising”).

In conjunction with existing cash on hand, proceeds of the total Equity Raising will be used to grow resources and
accelerate development of the Bellevue Gold Project in WA.
This two-pronged strategy includes:
• Ongoing Resource growth and discovery drilling through step out, infill and discovery drilling from surface
and underground platforms;
• Re-establishing access for mechanised re-entry to underground and drill platforms for infill and extensional
drilling and future production haulage;
• Underground mine development, developing the production decline to both Viago and Deacon lodes for
mining and other underground infrastructure, including ventilation rises and power upgrades;
• Non-process infrastructure including camp, road upgrades, power and communication upgrades; and
• General working capital requirements and offer costs.

The Equity Raising follows the release of Bellevue’s maiden Indicated Resource on Tuesday 7 July 2020 and recent
Bellevue Project Update on Friday 26 June 2020,2 key highlights of both announcements included:
• Maiden Indicated Resource of 860,000oz @ 11.6 g/t gold;
• A high-grade core of 480,000oz at 15.5 g/t gold that remains open in all directions and sits within close
proximity to existing underground infrastructure;
• Indicated Resource drilled on 40m x 40m and 40m x 20m or better drill spacings;
• Stage 2 drilling underway to upgrade and grow the 2.3Moz Resource in parallel with project development
work in 2H CY20
• Further increase to Indicated Resource planned for the December 2020 quarter;
• Recoveries averaging 97.8% including exceptional gravity only component recovery from lodes with results
ranging from 73.6% to 91.7%; and
• Industry recognised mining consultant, Entech Pty Ltd, has been appointed as Study Manager to assist with
ongoing studies to advance the project.

Bellevue Managing Director Steve Parsons said: “This proceeds from the raising will help ensure we can unlock the
full value of what is clearly an exceptional asset with extremely high grades and immense scope for further inventory
growth.
“By implementing our dual exploration and development strategy, we will seek to maximise our ability to create
value for shareholders through both resource growth and project development.”
The Bellevue Gold Project represents a unique, high quality asset and investment opportunity, its high grade (10.0
g/t), location in a tier-1 jurisdiction with access to existing infrastructure and the continued upside potential at
the project which we aim to demonstrate by simultaneously increasing our Indicated Resource and growing the
Global Resource at the Project.
2

All material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource estimate (7.03Mt @ 10.0 g/t gold for
2.3M ounces of gold) in the ASX announcement titled "Bellevue Gold – Maiden Indicated Resource 860,000oz at 11.6g/t
gold” and dated 7 July 2020 continue to apply and have not materially changed since last reported. The Company is not
aware of any new information or data that materially affects the ASX announcements of 26 June 2020 and 7 July 2020.

Details of the Placement

For personal use only

Bellevue is undertaking a fully underwritten Placement of new fully paid ordinary shares in Bellevue (New Shares)
to eligible institutional and professional investors to raise A$100m. The underwriting agreement is subject to
certain termination events that are considered to be consistent with industry standard and include, without
limitation, the right for the underwriter to terminate in the event of substantive index falls, or falls in the price of
gold.
New Shares under the Placement will be issued at A$1.00 (Placement Price), representing a 10.7% discount to
Bellevue’s last traded price of $1.12, and a 5.7% discount to Bellevue’s 2 day VWAP of $1.06 as at Wednesday 8 July
2020, following Bellevue’s maiden Indicated Resource announcement.
The Placement is fully underwritten by Macquarie Capital (Australia) Limited and Canaccord Genuity (Australia)
Limited.
Details of the Share Purchase Plan
Following the completion of the Placement, Bellevue will offer all eligible shareholders in Australia and New Zealand
the opportunity to participate in the non-underwritten SPP.
The record date for the SPP is 5:00pm (Perth time) on Wednesday, 8 July 2020. The SPP offer period is anticipated
to be open from Monday, 20 July 2020 to Friday, 7 August 2020, subject to Bellevue’s discretion to amend these
dates by making an ASX announcement.
Under the SPP, Bellevue shares will be offered at the same Placement Price of A$1.00.
Further information regarding the SPP (including terms and conditions of the SPP) will be provided to eligible
shareholders in the SPP offer booklet, which will be provided following the completion of the Placement.
Participation in the SPP is optional.
New shares issued under the Placement and SPP will rank equally with existing fully paid Bellevue shares on issue.

Timetable

For personal use only

Event

Date

Record date for eligibility to participate in SPP

5.00pm (Perth time), Wednesday 8
July 2020

Trading halt

Thursday 9 July 2020

Launch of Offer and Investor Presentation

Thursday 9 July 2020

Trading halt lifted and announcement of completion of
Placement

No later than Monday 13 July 2020

Settlement of Placement Shares

Tuesday 14 July 2020

Allotment of Placement Shares

Wednesday 15 July 2020

Dispatch SPP Offer Documents and SPP offer open date

Monday 20 July 2020

SPP closing date

5.00pm (Perth time), Friday 7 August
2020

Announcement of SPP Participation Results

Wednesday 12 August 2020

Issue of new shares under the SPP

Tuesday 18 August 2020

The timetable is indicative only and remains subject to change at Bellevue’s discretion, subject to compliance with
applicable laws and the ASX Listing Rules. Bellevue reserves the right to change the timetable or cancel the SPP at
any time before new Shares are issued, subject to regulatory requirements. Bellevue encourages Eligible
Shareholders who wish to participate to act promptly in submitting their application forms. The Company reserves
the right to close the SPP early, in its sole and absolute discretion, should it be considered necessary to do so, by
making an announcement to the ASX.
For further information regarding Bellevue Gold Ltd please visit the ASX platform (ASX:BGL) or the Company’s
website www.bellevuegold.com.au
Authorised by the Board of Directors
Mr Steve Parsons
Managing Director
T: +61 8 6424 8077
E: admin@bellevuegold.com

Mr Luke Gleeson
Head of Corporate Development
T: +61 8 6424 8077
E :lgleeson@bellevuegold.com.au

All dollar amounts are in Australian dollars unless otherwise indicated.

Mr Paul Armstrong
Media enquiries- Read Corporate
T : +61 8 9388 1474
E : paul@readcorporate.com.au

Disclaimer

For personal use only

This announcement has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to US wire services or distributed in the United
States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States or any
other jurisdiction. Any securities described in this announcement have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of
1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration
requirements of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.
This announcement has been prepared by Bellevue Gold Limited (the Company) based on information from its own and third-party sources
and is not a disclosure document. No party other than the Company has authorised or caused the issue, lodgement, submission, despatch
or provision of this report, or takes any responsibility for, or makes or purports to make any statements, representations or undertakings in
this announcement. Except for any liability that cannot be excluded by law, the Company and its related bodies corporate, directors,
employees, servants, advisers and agents (Affiliates) disclaim and accept no responsibility or liability for any expenses, losses, damages or
costs incurred by you relating in any way to this presentation including, without limitation, the information contained in or provided in
connection with it, any errors or omissions from it however caused, lack of accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability or you or any
other person placing any reliance on this announcement, its accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability. This report is not a prospectus,
disclosure document or other offering document under Australian law or under any other law. It is provided for information purposes and
is not an invitation nor offer of shares or recommendation for subscription, purchase or sale in any jurisdiction. This announcement does
not purport to contain all the information that a prospective investor may require in connection with any potential investment in the
Company. Each recipient must make its own independent assessment of the Company before acquiring any shares in the Company
(Shares).
Macquarie Capital (Australia) Limited (ABN 79 123 199 548) and Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited (ABN 19 075 071 466) are acting as
joint lead managers and underwriters (Joint Lead Managers) to the Placement.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company and the Joint Lead Managers and their respective related bodies corporate and
affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisers (in respect of the Joint Lead Managers, the Joint Lead
Manager Parties): (i) disclaim all responsibility and liability (including, without limitation, any liability arising from fault, negligence or
negligent misstatement) for any loss (including consequential or contingent loss or damage) arising from this announcement or reliance on
anything contained in or omitted from it or otherwise arising in connection with this Presentation; (ii) disclaim any obligations or
undertaking to release any updates or revision to the information in this announcement to reflect any change in expectations or
assumptions; and (iii) do not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability, completeness of the
information in this announcement or that this announcement contains all material information about the Company, the Offer or that a
prospective investor or purchaser may require in evaluating a possible investment in the Company or acquisition of shares in the Company,
or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement or any event or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement.
Forward Looking Information
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. Wherever possible, words such as “intends”, “expects”, “scheduled”,
“estimates”, “anticipates”, “believes”, and similar expressions or statements that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”,
“would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved, have been used to identify these forward-looking statements. Although the
forward-looking statements contained in this release reflect management’s current beliefs based upon information currently available to
management and based upon what management believes to be reasonable assumptions, The Company cannot be certain that actual
results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause events and achievements to differ
materially from the results expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. These factors should be considered carefully and
prospective investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements necessarily involve
significant known and unknown risks, assumptions and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual results, events, prospects and
opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Although the Company has
attempted to identify important risks and factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described
in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors and risks that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated
or intended, including those risk factors discussed in the Company’s public filings. There can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements.
Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements. Any forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this presentation, and the Company assumes no obligation to update or revise them to reflect new events or
circumstances, unless otherwise required by law. This presentation may contain certain forward looking statements and projections
regarding:
- estimated, resources and reserves;
- planned production and operating costs profiles;
- planned capital requirements; and
- planned strategies and corporate objectives.
Such forward looking statements/projections are estimates for discussion purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not
guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. The forward looking statements/projections are inherently uncertain and may therefore differ materially from
results ultimately achieved. The Company does not make any representations and provides no warranties concerning the accuracy of the

projections, and disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements/projects based on new information, future
events or otherwise except to the extent required by applicable laws.

For personal use only

Exploration Results
For full details of Exploration results in this announcement, refer to the said announcement or release on the said date. Bellevue
Gold is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the said announcement.

Breakdown of Mineral Resource
Indicated

Inferred

Tonnes (Mt)

Grade
(g/t)

Gold
(Moz)

Tonnes (Mt)

Grade
(g/t)

Gold
(Moz)

Viago

0.89

11.4

0.33

0.53

8.5

0.14

Deacon

0.43

18.0

0.25

1.50

9.2

0.44

Tribune

0.64

8.1

0.18

0.39

8.5

0.07

Hamilton

0.26

9.3

0.08

0.66

7.5

0.16

Bellevue Remnant

-

-

-

1.28

11.1

0.46

Vanguard Pit

0.09

6.8

0.02

0.04

5.4

0.06

Southern Belle

-

-

-

0.36

10.4

0.12

Total

2.31

11.6

0.86

4.72

9.2

1.40

Deacon and Viago Main
Combined

0.97

15.5

0.48

1.8

9.3

0.53

