For personal use only

First Au Limited
(ASX: FAU)

9 July 2020

First Au To Expand Victorian Gold Interests
First Au Limited (“FAU” or “the Company”) announced today that it had entered into an option agreement with
Mines of Stirling Pty Ltd (“Stirling” or “the Vendors”) to acquire an 85% interest (diluting to 80.0%) in granted
exploration license EL 5505 and prospecting license application PL 007319 (“Snowstorm Project”) (Refer Figure
1 and 2 below), located in East Gippsland, Victoria.

Figure 1. TMI magnetic image with the VicGold Tenement application area, including the new
Snowstorm Project location. (Co-ords MGA94, Zone 55)
FAU recently announced its intention, subject to completion of due diligence and certain conditions, to acquire
an 80% interest in VicGold Pty Ltd (“VicGold”) the owner of the Victorian Gold Project. The Snowstorm Project
is located approximately 15 kms (30 minutes’ drive) directly north of the VicGold Haunted Stream Project. It has
the same Ordovician-aged rocks as Haunted Stream, has historically yielded high-grade gold results and
exhibiting similarities to the same gold targets as the Victorian Gold Project. Snowstorm contains Ordovician
sediments (same as Haunted Stream), free gold and sulphide lodes and is “structurally controlled” with walk up
drill targets once mapping is completed. Numerous mafic dykes are observed in the area and importantly, occur
immediately adjacent mineralised quartz reefs.

First Au Limited ACN 000 332 918
Registered Office: Level 1 / 123 Whitehorse Road, Balwyn Vic. 3103 Australia. Telephone 03 9817 0700
Facsimile 03 9817 0799 Website: www.firstau.com Email: info@firstau.com

For personal use only

The main targets identified to date include a series of fault hosted lodes occurring sub-parallel to bedding
trending NW-SE. FAU has further identified a series of cross-structures that bear striking similarity to those of
Haunted Stream, supporting the hypothesis that this Project Snowstorm area is highly fertile for auriferous
deposits and reflects similar structural controls to those observed at Haunted Stream.
First Au Executive Chairman, Bryan Frost commented “The agreement with Mines of Stirling enhances our
ground presence in the East Victorian Goldfields and provides us with immediate exploration access and drill
targets whilst we await the grant of the other applications. In particular the Haunted Stream tenement area,
where there has been an abundance of historical workings is now supported by new geophysics and a new
geological theory. We are excited by the prospect of commencing modern exploration in this highly prospective
gold producing area”
Under the agreement with Stirling, First Au has a two-year option secured, by the payment of $20,000, upon
satisfaction (or waiver) of the last of the conditions precedent, a further $20,000 within 12 months of the
satisfaction (or waiver) of the last condition precedent. First Au, at its sole election, can extend the option period
for a further 12 months by the payment of an additional $40,000. First Au is required to spend $50,000 on
exploration within the initial 12 months after completion and a further $50,000 within the following 12 months.
In the event that FAU elects to extend the option period for a further 12 months, First Au would be required to
spend an additional of $50,000 on exploration. Upon completion, a 5.0% free carried interest in the tenements
will be transferred to Ian Neilson or nominee(s) (“Neilson Interests”) leaving First Au with an 80% interest. The
Neilson Interest was granted in recognition of the work undertaken by him in respect to securing the Snowstorm
Project for FAU and geological work performed in providing technical information for the Company.
Conditions include, FAU completing its due diligence within 30 days of signing, EL 5505 being renewed for a
further term of not less than 3 years and the PL 007319 being granted.
Should First Au elect to exercise the option $250,000 is payable to the Vendors in cash or shares or a combination
of cash and shares at the election of FAU. The share price to be used is based on the 30-day VWAP at the time.
The Vendors and Ian Neilson Interests will be free carried to a decision to mine stage. First Au has the option to
acquire the remaining 20% interest collectively held by the Vendors and the Neilson Interests at decision to mine
at fair market value.

Figure 2. Image showing the OAP Ordovician Host Rocks leading into EL5505 Project Snowstorm tenements
(Circled). Note adjoining EL007335 is a VicGold tenement application. (Co-ords MGA94, Zone 55)

For personal use only

Authorised by:

Bryan Frost
Executive Chairman
About First Au: First Au is an advanced gold and base metals exploration company listed on the Australian
Securities Exchange (ASX: FAU) and is pursuing a well-funded and aggressive exploration program at its 100%
owned Gimlet Gold project near Kalgoorlie and its Talga Projects in the Eastern Pilbara region of Western
Australia.
Enquiries in relation to this announcement please contact:
Richard Revelins:

rrevelins@firstau.com

+1-310-405-4475

Bryan Frost

bfrost@firstau.com

+61-418 898-885

Competent Persons Statement
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by
Dr Gavin England, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
and the Australian Institute of Geosciences. Dr England is a consultant to First Au Limited. Dr England has
sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration
and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the
‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Dr England
consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in
which it appears.

