For personal use only

ASX Announcement

Holista CollTech Limited
(ASX:HCT / ABN 24 094 515 992)
283 Rokeby Road Subiaco WA 6008
P: +61 8 6141 3500; F: +61 8 6141 3599 W:
www.holistaco.com

9th July 2020

Update on Sales and Distribution Agreements for Natshield™ Sanitiser
Holista Colltech (ASX: HCT, “Holista”) refers to earlier announcements in relation to the
NatShield™ sanitiser developed and marketed by the company. Natshield™ contains the
alcohol free and plant based Path-Away® active ingredient developed by Global Infection
Control Consultants (“GICC LLC”) based in the United States. Path-Away® has been tested by
a U.K. bio-safety laboratory to be more than 99.99% effective against the feline coronavirus,
a surrogate of the COVID-19 novel coronavirus.
Additional testing activities are being undertaken. Together with GICC LCC, Holista has
initiated tests at Microbac Laboratories and the Centre for Disease Control laboratory in
Virginia, USA for the efficacy of Path-Away® against Covid-19. The Company will update the
market upon receiving results.
Sales Updates of Natshield™ Hand Sanitiser
Holista currently distributes Natshield™ hand sanitisers in the following bottle sizes in various
markets: 20 ml; 30 ml; and 60 ml.
As a result of the “lockdown”, travel restrictions and race related unrest in the United States
supply chains have been disrupted including the availability of bottlers, retail listings have
been delayed and to prevent price gouging major e-commerce platforms have imposed listing
restrictions (especially in relation to new brands). Whilst these conditions have now eased
somewhat, targeted sales of A$3.8 million from Health Therapies LLC by 30 June 2020 (as
announced on 9 April 2020) have been scaled back and/or delayed by the purchasing parties.
Notwithstanding the above, for the six months ended 30 June 2020, Holista now expects to
record revenue of A$0.5m for the sale of Natshield™ hand sanitisers globally, of which
approximately a third is from Health Therapies LLC. Holista is working closely with Health
Therapies LLC to expedite purchase orders, accelerate sales and increase distribution points
prior to the North American winter season. This includes efforts to secure listings via large
US retailers, airports and on major e-commerce platforms which were delayed due to the
circumstances linked to the “lockdown” already described above.

For personal use only

Distributor Agreements
Holista has global rights to distribute Natshield™ for use as a disinfecting hand sanitizer. The
Company continues to work on the development, regulatory approval and commercialisation
of other disinfection products which are alcohol and chemical free, such as the nasal balm. It
also has rights in the Asia Pacific region for industrial applications of Natshield™ products,
such as those used to disinfect buildings and facilities.
As announced on 12 June 2020, Holista has fully acquired the technology of Protectene™, a
skin stabiliser for cosmetic applications that incorporates Path-Away®. The Protectene™
formulation lasts longer and is gentler on the skin while maintaining all basic features of PathAway®. GICC LLC will manufacture the product for Holista. Going forward, Natshield™
products proposes to include the words “contains Protectene™”.
Apart from Malaysia, where Holista has operations, the Company strategy is to enter into
distribution agreements on a region by region basis.
Holista is pleased to announce that the Company has obtained an exemption from the
Australian Department of Health’s Therapeutic Goods Administration (“TGA”) to sell hand
sanitiser under cosmetic category in Australia.
As additional distribution agreements and associated registrations in different jurisdictions
are confirmed, the Company will update the market.
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Holista.
#END#
About Holista CollTech Ltd
Holista CollTech Ltd (“Holista”) is a natural wellness company, that has 3 main divisions:
-

Dietary supplements and personal care
Food Ingredients
Ovine collagen

Holista has a global collaboration with Path-Away®, a plant based solution that is proven to
kill a board spectrum of microbes. The all natural alcohol free active ingredient is used in
Holista’s range of sanitising products under the NatShield™ brand.
Listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”), Holista researches, develops,
manufactures and markets health style products. Holista’s suite of ingredients includes low
GI baked products, reduced sodium salts, low fat fried foods and low calorie sugar without
compromising taste, odour and mouthfeel. Holista remains the only company to produce
sheep (ovine) collagen using patented extraction methods.
For more information, please refer to http://www.holistaco.com

