For personal use only

Date: 9th July 2020
ASX Announcement (ASX: IHL)

Incannex Partners with The Alfred and Novotech on IHL-42X Clinical
Program for Obstructive Sleep Apnoea
Highlights:
•
•
•
•
•
•

•

•
•

Incannex has partnered with The Alfred Hospital in Melbourne from where the trial will be based
Professor Terence O’Brien is named as Principal Investigator; a world-renowned clinician and
highly experienced Principal Investigator of more than 100 clinical trials
Professor O’Brien heads the Neuroscience Clinical Trials Unit at The Alfred Hospital and has an
experienced team of study coordinators and research nurses
The primary endpoint of the clinical trial is the improvement in AHI as measured by an overnight
polysomnography (‘PSG’)
Trial protocol to be submitted to the Alfred Health Ethics Committee, registration of the project
will occur on or before 27th July 2020 with full submission by August 5th 2020
IHL will endeavour to:
o supply the IHL-42X product for sale in Australia under the Special Access Scheme
o proceed to the second Phase 2 ‘Factorial’ clinical trial as it compiles the necessary
information for a 505(b)(2) new drug application for exclusive marketability
Incannex partners with Novotech, who are internationally recognised as a leading full-service
contract research organisation; engaged to ensure that the IHL-42X clinical trial meets the
requirements of the FDA
IHL-42X is targeting the OSA market with an addressable market of US$10B per annum for which
there is no existing pharmacological (drug) treatment
Animal study for the assessment of IHL-675A against Sepsis Associated ARDS has been completed,
with the results expected from Eurofins Taiwan very soon.

Clinical stage cannabinoid development company, Incannex Healthcare Limited (ASX: IHL, ‘Incannex’ or the
‘Company’), is pleased to provide an update on material changes and improvements that have been made
to the clinical trial protocol for its upcoming Phase 2b dose finding crossover trial investigating the effect of
IHL-42X on the Apnoea Hypopnea Index (‘AHI’) in adults diagnosed with Obstructive Sleep Apnoea (‘OSA’).
The Alfred Hospital and Professor Terence O’Brien
Incannex has partnered with The Alfred Hospital in Melbourne, from where it will base the trial. The Alfred
is one of Australia’s busiest emergency and trauma centres, is Victoria’s largest Intensive Care Unit and is
home to multiple state-wide services. The Alfred Campus is the largest centre in Australia for Clinical Trials,
with a particular focus on early stage clinical trials.
Incannex Healthcare Limited (ABN: 93 096 635 246)
3 Fir Street, Dingley Village, VIC 3172
P: 0425 703 805
Page 1 | 5

For personal use only

Date: 9th July 2020
ASX Announcement (ASX: IHL)

The principal investigator of the trial is Professor Terence O’Brien (MB, BS, MD, FRACP, FRCPE, FAHMS,
FAES), who is The Van Cleef Roet Professor of Medicine (Neurology), Head, Departments of Neuroscience
and Medicine, and Deputy Head of School, Central Clinical School, Monash University. He also heads the
Neuroscience Clinical Trials Unit at The Alfred and has an experienced team of study coordinators and
research nurses that are an integral part of the trials team.
Professor O'Brien is a specialist in neurology and clinical pharmacology, with expertise in epilepsy and
related brain diseases, including traumatic brain injury, brain tumours and neurodegenerative diseases,
neuropharmacology and in-vivo imaging in animal models and humans. Professor O’Brien was formerly The
University of Melbourne’s James Stewart Chair of Medicine and Head of the Department of Medicine at the
Royal Melbourne Hospital (2008-17).
He has been the Principal Investigator of more than 100 commercially sponsored and investigator-initiated
trials and is Chair of the Australian Epilepsy Clinical Trial Network. He has published more than 395 peerreviewed papers in leading scientific and medical journals, which have been cited approx. 14,000 times.
Clinical Trial Design and Endpoints
Patients will be assessed at The Alfred Hospital sleep clinic. A baseline sleep clinic visit will confirm patient
OSA diagnoses and establish baseline levels for AHI as measured by an overnight PSG. Thereafter, patients
will receive treatment with IHL-42X followed by additional sleep clinic visits to assess improvement in AHI
relative to baseline.
Secondary outcomes include the following:
• Reduction in oxygen desaturation index (ODI)
• Daytime somnolence measured by the Epworth Sleepiness Scale
• Improvement in mood as measured by the POMS (Profile of Moods State), and well-being as
measured by the Short Form 36
• Safety of the IHL-42X combination will be established through adverse event monitoring.
Alfred Health Ethics Committee Submission
The responsibility for the ethical design, review and conduct of human research is exercised principally by
researchers and the Alfred Health Ethics Committee. Meetings of the Ethics Committee occur periodically
and IHL will register its trial for review by the next registration deadline, which is the 27th of July 2020.
Formulated IHL-42X
IHL will endeavour to supply IHL-42X for sale in Australia under the Special Access Scheme for unregistered
medicinal cannabis products, alongside its existing range of cannabinoid oils and CBD Inhaler.
IHL will also proceed to the second Phase 2 ‘Factorial’ clinical trial as it compiles the necessary information
for a 505(b)(2) new drug application for exclusive marketability; details of which were released in the
Incannex Healthcare Limited (ABN: 93 096 635 246)
3 Fir Street, Dingley Village, VIC 3172
P: 0425 703 805
Page 2 | 5

For personal use only

Date: 9th July 2020
ASX Announcement (ASX: IHL)

announcement on the 25th of March 2020 and entitled, “IHL-42X (OSA) accelerated FDA approval
pathway”.
Partnership with Novotech
Incannex has contracted the services of Novotech, the Asia-Pacific CRO, established in 1996 and has grown
into a full-service Contract Research Organisation (CRO), with offices in 11 locations across the Asia Pacific
region. In 2018, Novotech acquired Clinical Network Services (CNS), an integrated service group focused on
product development headquartered in Australia with offices in New Zealand, the UK and the USA.
Novotech has been instrumental in the success of over 1000 Phase I - IV clinical trials for biotechnology
companies.
Novotech provides clinical development services across all clinical trial phases and therapeutic areas
including: feasibility assessments; ethics committee and regulatory submissions, data management,
statistical analysis, medical monitoring, safety services, central lab services, report write-up to ICH
requirements, project and vendor management.
The partnership with Novotech will ensure the integrity of the IHL-42X program, further ensuring that the
IHL-42X clinical trial meets the requirements of the FDA in relation to site management, data collection,
analysis, and safety monitoring.
Managing Director and CEO of Incannex Healthcare, Mr Joel Latham said, “Whilst we have been modestly
delayed by limitations experienced by COVID-19 measures, we’re delighted to have partnered with The
Alfred and it’s credentialed team.
Professor O’Brien is a highly experienced medical clinician and clinical trial investigator. He lends strong
credibility to our study, which is important due to our goal of making a new drug application with the FDA
for drug registration, subject to ongoing clinical success”.
The onset of COVID-19 and the ensuing lockdown that occurred in March of 2020 threw doubt over the
ability of hospitals to be involved in any clinical trial activities. As a result, the Board of Incannex was
determined to push forward with its trial and initially designed the trial around participants using portable
measuring devices that, once fitted under the instruction of a sleep specialist, could be worn at home and
feed data back to a central hub.
However, as restrictions began to ease and appropriate trial management protocols were put in place, the
participation of hospitals in clinical trial activity became clearer, and the Company identified The Alfred as
being the ideal partner in the IHL-42X trial.
After the recent protocol changes, each patient will have their own room for the sleep study, adhering to
social distancing rules. The Company has also been advised by its regulatory consultants that its newly
designed trial in partnership with The Alfred will provide a more robust and comprehensive trial, which will
be important in its pursuit of registration under the FDA 505b(2) pathway.

Incannex Healthcare Limited (ABN: 93 096 635 246)
3 Fir Street, Dingley Village, VIC 3172
P: 0425 703 805
Page 3 | 5

Date: 9th July 2020
ASX Announcement (ASX: IHL)

For personal use only

About Obstructive Sleep Apnoea
OSA is a lethal disease that increases the risk of numerous health complications, affecting approximately
40M adults in the USA alone. Untreated OSA is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular
morbidity. The main current treatment option is the mechanical CPAP device. Patient compliance to CPAP
devices is low due to discomfort and claustrophobia.
The current direct global annual market size for OSA detection and treatment using CPAP devices is over
US$10B per annum and growing. There is no existing registered pharmacotherapy (drug) treatment option
for sufferers of OSA and IHL anticipates greatly improved patient treatment compliance from a once-nightly
oral pharmaceutical product, such as IHL-42X, should it prove successful under clinical assessment.

ENDS

The release of this announcement has been approved for issue by IHL’s Board of Directors. For further
details on the announcement, interested parties should contact:
Mr Joel Latham, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
P: +61 409 840 786
E: joel@incannex.com.au

Incannex Healthcare Limited (ABN: 93 096 635 246)
3 Fir Street, Dingley Village, VIC 3172
P: 0425 703 805
Page 4 | 5

For personal use only

Date: 9th July 2020
ASX Announcement (ASX: IHL)

About Incannex Healthcare Limited (ASX: IHL)
Incannex Healthcare Limited (IHL.ASX) is developing unique medicinal cannabis products for the treatment of
Obstructive Sleep Apnoea (OSA), Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)/Concussion, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS)
and Temporomandibular Joint Disorder (TMD). FDA registration, where being sought, is subject to clinical success.
Each indication represents major global markets and currently have no existing registered pharmacotherapy (drug)
treatment, raising the possibility of patients receiving Government subsidies for products that demonstrate suitable
safety and efficacy profiles in clinical trials.
There is an established body of research validating the hypothesis for the cannabinoids being used in Incannex’s chosen
therapeutic areas and IHL has a strong patent filing strategy (as announced “IHL files cannabinoid patent over IHL-216A
for TBI” 04th October, 2019 and “IHL Files Patent over IHL-42X for OSA” 06th of December, 2019) as it develops its
products in conjunction with its medical advisory board.
Further to its clinical programs, Incannex has its Australian license to import, export and distribute medicinal cannabis
products and has launched a line of cannabinoid oil products. The cannabis-based oils are sold under Incannex’s product
supply and distribution agreement with Cannvalate Pty Ltd, which is the largest network of cannabis medicine
prescribers in Australia and a major shareholder of IHL.

Investors: investors@incannex.com.au

Incannex Healthcare Limited (ABN: 93 096 635 246)
3 Fir Street, Dingley Village, VIC 3172
P: 0425 703 805
Page 5 | 5

