For personal use only

Investor Presentation
9 July 2020
www.kglresources.com.au

ASX:KGL

I

0

For personal use only

KGL Resources - Corporate Snapshot
60 MONTH SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE

CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) code
ASX Share price (close 08-July-2020)
52 week low / high
Shares on issue
Options on Issue
Market capitalisation
Cash (30 June 2020)
Debt
Enterprise value

KGL
17.5 cents
A$0.277 / A$0.094
311.8M
Nil
A$54.6M
A$3.5M
Nil
A$51.1M

DIRECTORS
Denis Wood - Executive Chairman
Appointed 28 July 2015

Ferdian Purnamasidi - Non-Executive Director

MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS

Appointed 26 April 2016

KMP Investments Pte Ltd

26.5%

Peter Hay - Non-Executive Director

Denis Wood

9.8%

Marshall Plenty Investments LLC

9.1%

Pegasus CP One

5.8%

Appointed 2 November 2017

John Gooding - Non-Executive Director
Appointed 12 June 2018

Fiona Murdoch - Non-Executive Director
Appointed 12 June 2018

Top 20 Shareholders hold 76.0% of shares on issue at 8 July 2020.
ASX:KGL

I

1

For personal use only

KGL Resources - Capital Raising Overview
Offer Size and Structure
To Raise approximately $4 million.
2 new ordinary share for every 25 existing ordinary share held.
Offer Price
$0.16 per share.
8.6% discount to the closing price of $0.175 on 8 July 2020
Use of Funds
Proceeds raised from the Entitlement Offer will be used to complete all
the necessary pre-development modelling and costings for the Jervois
Project based on information already obtained prior to the onset of the
CoVid-19 pandemic, and to sustain the Company through to the project
financing stage, in preparation for when favourable market conditions
return.
ASX:KGL

I

2

For personal use only

KGL Resources - Capital Raising Timetable
Event

Date

Announcement of Entitlement Offer

Thursday, 9 July 2020

Shares traded on an ‘ex’ entitlement basis

Monday, 13 July 2020

Record date for eligibility to participate in the Entitlement Offer

7.00pm AEST, Tuesday, 14 July 2020

Despatch of information booklet and personalised Entitlement
and acceptance forms to Eligible Shareholders

Friday, 17 July 2020

Entitlement Offer opens

Friday, 17 July 2020

Last date to extend the closing date for the Entitlement Offer
Entitlement Offer closes
Announcement of results of Entitlement Offer and undersubscriptions

Tuesday, 28 July 2020
5.00pm AEST, Friday, 31 July 2020
Wednesday, 5 August 2020

Allotment of New Shares issued under the Entitlement Offer

Friday, 7 August 2020

Dispatch of holding statements for New Shares issued under
the Entitlement Offer

Friday, 7 August 2020

Normal ASX trading for New Shares issued under the
Entitlement Offer commence

Monday, 10 August 2020

ASX:KGL

I

3

For personal use only

Jervois Project - Overview
• 100% owned.
• Located 380km ENE of Alice Springs with access
via Stuart and Plenty Highway.
• Mineral Resource:
• 26.6 million tonnes at 1.47% copper and
24.7 g/t silver,
•

containing 390,600 tonnes copper and
21.1 million ounces silver,

• including Indicated Resources of 255,000
tonnes contained copper and 12.7 million
ounces contained silver (approx. 65% of the
Resource).
• Recent drilling results in Reward and Reward
South identified the potential to expand Jervois
beyond the initial project with further drilling.

ASX:KGL

I

4

For personal use only

Jervois Project - Resource

ASX:KGL

I

5

For personal use only

Jervois Copper Project – Progress
• COVID-19 shutdown has provided time to review
and improve upon the geological model,
incorporate recent drill results, complete mine
geotechnical studies and other planning work.
• Other works underway and planned include:• Updating the Life of Mine mining schedule
based on improved geological knowledge at
Reward;
• Optimisation of mine designs and equipment;
• Updating the construction and operation
costs; and,
• Detailed infrastructure planning.
• Completion of the works above will be
incorporated into a PFS - release expected Q4
2020.

ASX:KGL

I

6

For personal use only

Jervois Project – Mineralised Zones
• This map shows selected exploration targets
based on 3D IP & MT (magnetotelluric)
resistivity and gravity around Reward, Rockface
and Bellbird.
• These ready drill targets were outlined within
the company's strategy to establish a mine
plan.
• Recent advances in exploration and geological
understanding and modelling have shown
ample opportunity to expand exploration focus
on both extensions of existing resources and
the possible blind deposits that fit new
geological model.

ASX:KGL

I

7

For personal use only

Jervois Project – Reward Exploration Potential
Surface map of
Reward with
selected recent
drill intercepts
and IP resistivity
0.5 Ohm-m isolines projected
onto the surface.

ASX:KGL

I

8

For personal use only

Reward Deposit - Geophysics
Longitudinal section of all drill intercepts depicted as discs with disc size reflecting the Cu grade. Also showing
recent interpreted conductor plates, IP resistivity iso-lines and gravity image of Reward. The white sashed line
marks the perimeter of the drilling at Reward to date.

ASX:KGL

I

9

For personal use only

Bellbird Deposit - Geophysics
Longitudinal section of all drill intercepts depicted as discs with disc size reflecting the Cu grade. Also
showing recent interpreted conductor plates, IP resistivity iso-lines and gravity image of Reward. The white
dashed line marks the perimeter of the drilling at Bellbird to date.

ASX:KGL

I

10

For personal use only

Jervois Project – High Potential Exploration Areas

• Prospects and exploration
opportunities within the target
horizon along the J-fold.
• Only a fraction of the target horizon
has been drilled. Numerous areas
have been highlighted for their
favourable geology, structures and
geophysical signatures.
ASX:KGL

I

11

For personal use only

Jervois Project – Site Planning

• Detailed planning underway for site
layout and infrastructure.
• Review of power supply tenders and
civil design proposal in progress.
• Lease and licence applications
underway for water bore field supply.
• Mining Management Plan lodged with
Northern Territory Government in
early April 2020, with approval
expected in Sep 2020 Qtr.

ASX:KGL

I

12

For personal use only

Copper Market
• Growing expectations of a strengthening international copper
market.
• Supply side – COVID-19 has forced mine operations to halt
and delayed further developments.
• Demand Side – Government incentives for copper intensive
projects (renewables and electric vehicles).
• Trafigura forecasting 3.4% annual increase in demand for
copper over the next 10 years.

ASX:KGL

I

13

For personal use only

Copper Demand

ASX:KGL

I

14

Copper Price

For personal use only

• Price began to increase late 2019 to peak at US$6327/tonne on
14/01/2020.
• Price fell with the onset of COVID-19 to US$4630 on 23 March
• Price on 8 July was US$6,082/tonne
• Market has been influenced by the prospect of government
stimulus measures.

ASX:KGL

I

15

For personal use only

KGL Resources Board at Jervois Site

ASX:KGL

I

16

For personal use only

Risk Factors
• Activities in KGL Resources and its controlled entities, as in any business, are subject to risks which may
impact on KGL Resources’ future performance. There are a number of factors, both specific to KGL
Resources and of a general nature, which may affect the future operating and financial performance and
position of KGL Resources and the outcome of an investment in KGL Resources. Some of these risks can be
adequately mitigated by the use of safeguards and appropriate systems but many are beyond the control of
KGL Resources and its Directors and cannot be mitigated.
• Prior to deciding whether to take up their Entitlement, Shareholders should read the entire Information
Booklet and review announcements made by KGL Resources to ASX (at www.asx.com.au, ASX: KGL) in order
to gain an appreciation of KGL Resources, its activities, operations, financial position and prospects.
• Shareholders should also consider the summary risk factors set out below which the Directors believe
represent some of the general and specific risks that Shareholders should be aware of when evaluating KGL
Resources and deciding whether to increase their shareholding in KGL Resources. The risk factors set out
below are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all of the risk factors to which KGL Resources is exposed,
and they are not intended to be presented in any assumed order of priority. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to the Directors, or which they currently believe to be immaterial, may
also have an adverse effect on KGL Resources.
• An investment in KGL Resources should be considered speculative. There can be no certainty that KGL
Resources will be able to successfully implement its business strategy. No representation is or can be made
as to the future performance of KGL Resources and there can be no assurance that KGL Resources will
achieve its objectives.

ASX:KGL

I

17

Material Business Risks

For personal use only

Future Capital Raisings
KGLs’ ongoing activities may require substantial further financing in the future, in addition to amounts raised pursuant to t he Entitlement Offer. KGL will require additional funding
to bring the Jervois Copper Project into commercial production. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to Shareholders, may be undertaken at lower prices than the
current market price and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants which limit KGL’s operations and business strategy. Although the Directors believe that
additional capital can be obtained, no assurances can be made, especially given the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, that appropriate capital or funding, if and when needed, will
be available on terms favourable to KGL or at all. If KGL is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required to reduce, delay or suspend its operations and this
could have a material adverse effect on KGL’s activities and could affect KGL’s ability to continue as a going concern.
Exploration Risk
The success of KGL depends on the delineation of economically mineable reserves and resources, access to required development capital, movement in the price of commodities,
securing and maintaining title to KGL’ exploration and mining tenements and obtaining all consents and approvals necessary fo r the conduct of its exploration activities. Exploration
on KGL’ existing tenements may be unsuccessful, resulting in a reduction of the value of those tenements, diminution in the cash reserves of KGL and possible relinquishment of
the tenements. The exploration costs of KGL are based on certain assumptions with respect to the method and timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates and
assumptions are subject to significant uncertainties and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially differ from these estimates and assumptions. Accordingly, no assurance can be
given that the cost estimates and the underlying assumptions will be realised in practice, which may materially and adversely affect KGL’ viability. If the level of operating
expenditure required is higher than expected, the financial position of KGL may be adversely affected. KGL may also experience unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of
consumables, spare parts, plant and equipment.
Feasibility and Development Risks
It may not always be possible for KGL to exploit successful discoveries which may be made in areas in which KGL has an interest. Such exploitation would involve obtaining the
necessary licences or clearances from relevant authorities that may require conditions to be satisfied and/or the exercise of discretions by such authorities. It may or may not be
possible for such conditions to be satisfied. Further, the decision to proceed to further exploitation may require participat ion of other companies whose interests and objectives
may not be the same as KGL’s. There is a complex, multidisciplinary process underway to complete a feasibility study to support any development proposal. There is a risk that the
feasibility study and associated technical works will not achieve the results expected. There is also a risk that even if a positive feasibility study is produced, the project may not be
successfully developed for commercial or financial reasons.
Regulatory Risk
KGL’s operations are subject to various Federal, State and local laws and plans, including those relating to mining, prospect ing, development permit and licence requirements,
industrial relations, environment, land use, royalties, water, native title and cultural heritage, mine safety and occupation al health. Approvals, licences and permits required to
comply with such rules are subject to the discretion of the applicable government officials. No assurance can be given that KGL will be successful in obtaining any or all of the
various approvals, licences and permits or maintaining such authorisations in full force and effect without modification or r evocation. To the extent such approvals are required and
not retained or obtained in a timely manner or at all, KGL may be curtailed or prohibited from continuing or proceeding with production and exploration. KGL’s business and results
of operations could be adversely affected if applications lodged for exploration licences are not granted. Mining and exploration tenements are subject to periodic renewal. The
renewal of the term of a granted tenement is also subject to the discretion of the relevant Minister. Renewal conditions may include increased expenditure and work commitments
or compulsory relinquishment of areas of the tenements comprising KGL’s projects. The imposition of new conditions or the inability to meet those conditions may adversely affect
the operations, financial position and/or performance of KGL. It is also possible that, in relation to tenements which KGL has an interest in or will in the future acquire such an
interest, there may be areas over which
ASX:KGL

I

18

Material Business Risks (cont.)

For personal use only

legitimate common law native title rights of Aboriginal Australians exist. If native title rights do exist, the ability of KGL to gain access to tenements (through obtaining consent of
any relevant landowner), or to progress from the exploration phase to the development and mining phases of operations may be affected. KGL has a registered Indigenous Land
Use Agreement with the traditional owners for its Jervois Copper Project.
Occupational Health and Safety
Given KGL’ exploration activities (and especially if it achieves exploration success leading to mining activities), it will f ace the risk of workplace injuries which may result in workers’
compensation claims, related common law claims and potential occupational health and safety prosecutions. Further, the production processes used in conducting any future
mining activities of KGL can be dangerous. KGL has, and intends to maintain, a range of workplace practices, procedures and policies which will seek to provide a safe and healthy
working environment for its employees, visitors and the community. Of particular concern will be operating and managing health and safety in an environment where COVID-19
remains a major concern.
Limited operating history of KGL.
KGL has limited operating history on which it can base an evaluation of its future prospects. If KGL’ business model does not prove to be profitable, investors may lose their
investment. KGL’s historical financial information is of limited value because of KGL’ lack of operating history and the emerging nature of its business. The prospects of KGL must be
considered in the light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly in the mineral exploration
sector, which has a high level of inherent uncertainty.
Key Personnel
In formulating its exploration programs, KGL relies to a significant extent upon the experience and expertise of the Directors and management. A number of key personnel are
important to attaining the business goals of KGL. One or more of these key employees could leave their employment, and this may adversely affect the ability of KGL to conduct its
business and, accordingly, affect the financial performance of KGL and its Share price. Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel are important to KGL’ success. The number of
persons skilled in the exploration and development of mining properties is limited and competition for such persons is strong.
Resource Estimate Risk
Resource estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and industry practice. These estimates are expressions of judgment based on knowledge,
experience and industry practice. These estimates were appropriate when made but may change significantly when new information becomes available. There are risks associated
with such estimates. Resource estimates are necessarily imprecise and depend to some extent on interpretations, which may ultimately prove to be inaccurate and require
adjustment. Adjustments to resource estimates could affect KGL’ future plans and ultimately its financial performance and value. Copper and gold price fluctuations, as well as
increased production costs or reduced throughput and/or recovery rates may render resources containing relatively lower grades uneconomic and may materially affect resource
estimations.
Environmental Risk
The operations and activities of KGL are subject to the environmental laws and regulations of Australia. As with most exploration projects and mining operations, KGL’s operations
and activities are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if advanced exploration or mine development proceeds. KGL attempts to conduct its operations and
activities to the highest standard of environmental obligation, including compliance with all environmental laws and regulati ons. KGL is unable to predict the effect of additional
environmental laws and regulations which may be adopted in the future, including whether any such laws or regulations would m aterially increase KGL’s cost of doing business or
affect its operations in any area. However, there can be no assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies, once implemented, will not
oblige KGL to incur significant expenses and undertake significant investments which could have a material adverse effect on KGL’s business, financial condition and performance.
ASX:KGL

I

19

Material Business Risks (cont.)

For personal use only

Availability of equipment and contractors
Prior to the COVID19 pandemic, the availability of appropriate equipment, including drill rigs, was in short supply. There was also high demand for contractors providing other
services to the mining industry. The extent to which COVID-19 will impact on the availability or equipment and contractors in the future is uncertain at this stage but there will be
an effect. Consequently, there is a risk that KGL may not be able to source all the equipment and contractors required to fulfil its proposed exploration activities. There is also a risk
that hired contractors may underperform or that equipment may malfunction, either of which may affect the progress of KGL’s exploration activities.
Fluctuations in Copper Price and Australian Dollar Exchange Rate
The copper mining industry is competitive. There can be no assurance that copper and gold prices will be such that KGL can mine its deposits at a profit. Copper and gold prices
fluctuate due to a variety of factors including supply and demand fundamentals, international economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, currency exchange
fluctuations, interest rates, global or regional consumption patterns and speculative activities. These fluctuations were exacerbated by the world wide spread of the COVID-19
virus and at this stage, forecast recoveries from the impact of the virus are speculative. Similarly, demand and supply of capital and currencies, forward trading activities, relative
interest rates and exchange rates and relative economic conditions can impact exchange rates.
Climate Change Risk
The operations and activities of KGL are subject to changes to local or international compliance regulations related to climate change mitigation efforts, specific taxation or
penalties for carbon emissions or environmental damage, and other possible restraints on industry that may further impact KGL and its profitability. While KGL will endeavour to
manage these risks and limit any consequential impacts, there can be no guarantee that KGL will not be impacted by these occurrences. Climate change may also cause certain
physical and environmental risks that cannot be predicted by KGL, including events such as increased severity of weather patterns, incidence of extreme weather events and
longer-term physical risks such as shifting climate patterns. All these risks associated with climate change may significantly change the industry in which KGL operates.
COVID-19 Pandemic
On 11 March 2020, the World Health Organisation Director-General declared the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) a pandemic. Although in Australia the pandemic
has largely been suppressed, there are still significant restrictions imposed at a federal, state and territory level. There also exists the possibility that the virus could re-emerge
resulting in restrictions being strengthened. KGL has withdrawn all staff and contractors from the Jervois site. Regular site security checks are made ensuring that no contact is
made with the local community. Resumption of site activities will be discussed with the NT government and will be impacted by state border restrictions.

ASX:KGL

I

20

For personal use only

General Risk Factors
Mineral exploration and mining may be hampered by circumstances beyond the control of KGL Resources and are speculative operations which by their nature are subject to a
number of inherent risks. These include general risk factors such as:
Market Risk: As with all stock market investments, there are risks associated with an investment in KGL Resources. Share prices may rise or fall and the price of Shares might
trade below or above the issue price for the New Shares. The price at which KGL Resources Shares trade on the ASX may be determined by a range of factors including
movements in local and international equity and bond markets, general investor sentiment in those markets, inflation, interes t rates, general economic conditions and outlook
and changes in the supply of, and demand for, exploration and mining industry securities, changes to government regulation, p olicy or legislation, changes which may occur to
the taxation of companies as a result of changes in Australian and foreign taxation laws, changes to the system of dividend imputation in Australia, and changes in exchange
rates The market for KGL Resources Shares may also be affected by a wide variety of events and factors, including variations in KGL Resources’ operating results,
recommendations by securities analysts, and the operating and trading price performance of other listed exploration and mining industry entities that investors consider to be
comparable to KGL Resources. Some of these factors could affect KGL Resources’ share price regardless of KGL Resources’ underlying operating performance.
Taxation risk: Any change in KGL Resources’ tax status or the tax applicable to holding Shares or in taxation legislation or its interpretation, could affect the value of the
investments held by KGL Resources, affect KGL Resources’ ability to provide returns to Shareholders and/or alter the post tax returns to Shareholders. In addition, an
interpretation of Australian tax laws by the Australian Taxation Office that differs to KGL Resources’ interpretation may lead to an increase in KGL Resources’ tax liabilities and a
reduction in Shareholder returns. Personal tax liabilities are the responsibility of each individual investor. KGL Resources is not responsible either for tax or tax penalties
incurred by investors.
Liquidity risk: There can be no guarantee that there will continue to be an active market for Shares or that the price of Shares will increase. There may be relatively few buyers
or sellers of Shares on ASX at any given time. This may affect the volatility of the market price of Shares. It may also affect the prevailing market price at which Shareholders are
able to sell their Shares. This may result in Shareholders receiving a market price for their Shares that is less or more than the price paid under the Entitlement Offer.
Securities investment risk: Applicants should be aware that there are risks associated with any securities investment. Securities listed on the stock market, and in particular
securities of mining and exploration companies have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performances of such
companies. These factors may materially affect the market price of the securities regardless of KGL Resources’ performance. The past performance of KGL Resources is not
necessarily an indication as to future performance of KGL Resources as the trading price of Shares can go up or down. Neither KGL Resources nor the Directors warrant the
future performance of KGL Resources or any return on an investment in KGL Resources.
Economic factors: The operating and financial performance of KGL Resources is influenced by a variety of general economic and business conditions, including levels of
consumer spending, oil prices, inflation, interest rates and exchange rates, supply and demand, industrial disruption, access to debt and capital markets and government fiscal,
monetary and regulatory policies. Changes in general economic conditions may result from many factors including government policy, international economic conditions,
significant acts of terrorism, hostilities or war or natural disasters. A prolonged deterioration in general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates or a
decrease in consumer and business demand, could be expected to have an adverse impact on KGL Resources’ operating and financial performance and financial position. KGL
Resources’ future possible revenues and Share price can be affected by these factors, which are beyond the control of KGL Resources.
Accounting standards: Australian accounting standards are set by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and are outside KGL Resources’ control. Changes to
accounting standards issued by AASB could materially adversely affect the financial performance and position reported in KGL Resources’ financial statements.
ASX:KGL

I

21

For personal use only

Jervois Project – JORC Resources

ASX:KGL

I

22

For personal use only

Important Notices
JORC Compliance Statement
•

The Jervois Resources information was first released to the market on 22 August 2019 as “Significant upgrade of copper resources at KGL’s Jervois Copper Projectand complies with JORC 2012 and can be found on the
Company website www.kglresources.com.au. The company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement and that all
material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. The company confirms that the form and context in
which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcement.

•

The following drill holes were originally reported on the date indicated and using the JORC code specified in the table. Results reported under JORC 2004 have not been updated to comply with JORC 2012 on the basis
that the information has not materially changed since it was last reported.

Forward-looking statements
•

This presentation includes certain forward-looking statements. The words “forecast”, “estimate”, “like”, “anticipate”, “project”, “opinion”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “target” and other similar expressions are intended to
identify forward looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included herein, including without limitation, statements regarding forecast cash flows and potential mineralisation,
resources and reserves, exploration results and future expansion plans and development objectives of KGL are forward-looking statements that involve various risks and uncertainties. Although every effort has been
made to verify such forward-looking statements, there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such
statements. You should therefore not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.

•

Statements regarding plans with respect to the Company’s mineral properties may contain forward looking statements. Statements in relation to future matters can only be made where the Company has a reasonable
basis for making those statements.

ASX:KGL

I

23

For personal use only

More Information

For more information, please contact us:

KGL Resources Limited
Level 7, 167 Eagle Street, Brisbane QLD 4000, Australia
T: +61 7 3071 9003
E: info@kglresources.com.au
W: www.kglresources.com.au

ASX:KGL

I

24

