For personal use only

Orthocell’s Ortho-ATI® shows 87.5% success rate
•
•
•
•

87.5% respondents satisfied with treatment outcomes in Orthocell’s annual quality study
using Ortho-ATI® cell therapy for treatment of chronic tendon injuries in the shoulder
74.3% patient satisfaction in all patient groups including, elbow, hip, knee and ankle
Strong correlation to clinical study outcomes published in leading scientific journals, including
the American Journal of Sports Medicine
Annual quality study captures patient feedback/outcomes for reduction of pain, functional
improvement and overall satisfaction, in patients suffering from chronic tendon injuries

Perth, Australia; 9th July 2020: Regenerative medicine company Orthocell Limited (ASX:OCC,
“Orthocell” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the results from its 2019 Annual Quality Study
(“AQS”), which shows a 87.5% patient satisfaction rating using Ortho-ATI® cell therapy for the
treatment of chronic tendon injuries of the shoulder and a 74.3% patient satisfaction rating for all
indications combined.
Orthocell Managing Director, Paul Anderson, said: “The 2019 Annual Quality Study has provided
further evidence that Ortho-ATI® is a breakthrough technology that significantly improves patients’
lives returning them to normal function at home and at work, pain free. This is important real world
evidence that adds to our growing body of supporting data.”
As part of Orthocell’s commitment to its continuous delivery of high quality regenerative medicine
products, the Company administers an Annual Quality Study to capture patient feedback following
treatment of chronic tendon injuries with Orthocell’s Ortho-ATI® cellular therapy. The 2019 study
indicated 87.5% of shoulder patients were satisfied with how Ortho-ATI® relieved symptoms (i.e.
chronic pain) and improved ability to perform everyday activities at home and at work.
Ortho-ATI patient, Daniel Kerr
A well-known face in AFL, Daniel Kerr is best known for playing 220 games for the West Coast
Eagles between 2001 and 2013. At the age of 28, he suffered a complete hamstring rupture, which
doctor’s described as a ‘career ending injury’. After exhausting traditional surgical and non-surgical
treatments, he was treated with Ortho-ATI®. This is his story. https://www.orthocell.com.au/tendon-

regeneration

Annual quality study results and historical trends
Orthocell has conducted the AQS four (4) times since 2015 receiving one hundred and sixty one (161)
responses in total. It is an important measure of patient satisfaction with the Ortho-ATI® cell therapy
and compliments Orthocell’s formal clinical studies that have been published in leading scientific
journals, including the American Journal of Sports Medicine, reporting similar positive outcomes.

Ph: +61 8 9360 2888 Fax: +61 8 9360 2899 www.orthocell.com.au

For personal use only

Thirty nine (39) patients responded to the 2019 AQS (21 females / 18 males; mean age of 52 years
old). Summary results of the 2019 AQS and trends since 2015 included:

•
•
•

87.5% satisfaction in patients who received Ortho-ATI® tendon repair treatment, in the
shoulder, in the four AQS surveys conducted between 2015 and 2019
74.2% satisfaction in patients who received Ortho-ATI® tendon repair treatment in the four
AQS surveys conducted between 2015 and 2019
2019 AQS included treatment of six (6) different anatomical locations (tendons) including
Elbow (56%), Shoulder (18%), Hip (13%), Knee (3%) Achilles/ankle/foot (10%) – refer to Figure 1
Figure 1: Ortho-ATI® treatment sites 2019 Annual Quality Study

About Ortho-ATI®
Ortho-ATI® is a world leading breakthrough in regenerative medicine – a novel, cell therapy
developed to treat chronic degenerative tendon injuries (tendinopathy / tendonitis). Tendinopathy
places a significant financial burden on the public health care system which is expected to increase
as the population ages. Treating physicians and insurers are constantly seeking advances in new
treatments that are safe, effective and cost efficient.
Ph: +61 8 9360 2888 Fax: +61 8 9360 2899 www.orthocell.com.au

For personal use only

Ortho-ATI® addresses these demands by enabling the accelerated regeneration of injured tendons,
directly addressing the underlying cause of injury, replenishing degenerative tissue with healthy
mature tendon cells (known as tenocytes). The treatment allows patients to return to recreational
activities, the workplace and competitive sports. Ortho-ATI® has extensive clinical validation with
published clinical data up to 4.5 years post treatment in leading peer-reviewed journals (e.g.
American Journal Sports Medicine), clearly demonstrating durability and efficacy as the leading
tendon regeneration treatment.

Chronic tendon pain is a highly prevalent condition. For example, tennis elbow (elbow pain) affects
1-3% of the general population. Ortho-ATI® is at the forefront of a large and growing market
opportunity where the addressable market is estimated to be >US$7.7bn 1 and growing.
Ortho-ATI® is available to patients in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Release authorised by:
Paul Anderson
Managing Director, Orthocell Ltd
For more information, please contact:

General & Investor enquiries

Paul Anderson
Orthocell Limited
Managing Director
P: +61 8 9360 2888
E: paulanderson@orthocell.com.au

Media enquiries
Haley Chartres
H^CK Director

P: +61 423 139 163
E: haley@hck.digital

About Orthocell Limited

Orthocell is a regenerative medicine company focused on regenerating mobility for patients by developing
products for the repair of a variety of soft tissue injuries. Orthocell’s portfolio of products include CelGro®
platform technology, a collagen medical device which facilitates tissue repair and healing in a variety of
orthopaedic, reconstructive and surgical applications. Orthocell has received European regulatory approval
(CE Mark) for CelGro® and is marketed within the European Union for a range of dental bone and soft tissue
regeneration procedures. CelGro® is being readied for first approval in the US and AUS. The Company’s other
major focus is TGA-licensed cell therapies Autologous Tenocyte Implantation (Ortho-ATI®) and Autologous
Chondrocyte Implantation (Ortho-ACI®), which aim to regenerate damaged tendon and cartilage tissue.

1

US, Japanese, European and Australian markets

Ph: +61 8 9360 2888 Fax: +61 8 9360 2899 www.orthocell.com.au

For personal use only

Orthocell is moving forward with clinical studies designed to assist in the US (FDA) approval process and has
completed its pre-IND meetings with the FDA.
For more information on Orthocell, please visit www.orthocell.com.au or follow us on Twitter @Orthocellltd
and LinkedIn www.linkedin.com/company/orthocell-ltd

Forward Looking Statement
Any statements in this press release about future expectations, plans and prospects for the Company, the Company’s strategy, future
operations, and other statements containing the words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate, ”expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,”
“project,” “target, ”potential,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “continue,” and similar expressions, constitute forward-looking
statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various
important factors, including: the Company’s ability to successfully develop its product candidates and timely complete its planned
clinical programs and the Company’s ability to obtain marketing approvals for is product candidates. In addition, the forward-looking
statements included in this press release represent the Company’s views as of the date hereof. The Company anticipates that
subsequent events and developments will cause the Company’s views to change. However, while the Company may elect to update
these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These
forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s views as of any date subsequent to the date
hereof.

Ph: +61 8 9360 2888 Fax: +61 8 9360 2899 www.orthocell.com.au

