For personal use only

PRESENTED BY

Praemium Limited

Acquisition of
Powerwrap Limited

ACN 098 405 826

Investor Presentation

9 July 2020

For personal use only

Disclaimer
This presentation has been issued by Praemium Limited ACN 098 405 826 (PPS) in relation to its proposed off-market takeover offer (Offer) to acquire all of
the ordinary shares in Powerwrap Limited ACN 129 756 850 (PWL) not already owned by PPS (PWL Shares) in accordance with Chapter 6 of the
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act).
The information in this presentation is of a general nature and does not purport to be complete nor does it contain all of the information that a holder of
PWL Shares, or any other recipient of this presentation, may require in evaluating the Offer or that would be required in a prospectus prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Corporations Act.
This presentation does not constitute an offer or invitation. The Offer is to be set out in PPS’s Bidder’s Statement and the Offer should be considered in
conjunction with PWL’s Target’s Statement and other periodic and continuous disclosure announcements lodged with the ASX by PPS and PWL, which are
available at www.asx.com.au.
Certain market and industry data used in connection with this presentation may have been obtained or derived from research, surveys or studies conducted
by third parties, including industry or general publications. PPS has not independently verified any such market or industry data provided by third parties or
industry or general publications.
Information in this presentation concerning PWL, its subsidiaries (PWL Group) and the PWL Shares contained has been prepared by PPS using publicly
available information. None of the information in this presentation concerning the business and the assets and liabilities, financial position and
performance, profits and losses and prospects of the PWL Group has been independently verified. Accordingly, there may be uncertainty associated with the
information disclosed in this presentation relating to the PWL Group and the PWL Shares. PPS does not make any representation or warranty, express or
implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of that information.
The information on the merged group (comprising PPS and its subsidiaries (PPS Group) and the PWL Group if the Offer is successful) (Merged Group)
contained in this presentation, to the extent that it incorporates or reflects information on the PWL Group, has also been prepared using publicly available
information only. Accordingly, such information is also subject to the foregoing disclaimer. This presentation does not, and should not be relied upon as, a
promise, representation, warranty or guarantee as to the future performance of the Merged Group or PPS.
This presentation may contain certain “forward-looking statements” including, but not limited to, projections, forecasts, prospects, returns, synergies,
expectations and other statements in relation to the outcome and effects of the Offer on PPS or the Merged Group. The forward looking statements in this
presentation are not guarantees or predictions of future performance and may involve unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors many of which are
beyond the control of PPS, its directors and management and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions as to future
events which may or may not be correct. Forward-looking statements only speak as of the date of this presentation.
Except as required by law or regulation (including the ASX Listing Rules), PPS disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, to reflect
any change in PPS’s expectations with regard thereto, or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which the statements are based. Indications
of, and guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial position or performance are also forward-looking statements. Neither PPS nor its directors or
management gives any assurance that the any guidance or outlook on future earnings or financial position or performance of PPS or merged group will be
achieved.
PPS’s results are reported under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). However, this presentation includes certain financial information that
are non-IFRS financial measures for the purposes of providing a more comprehensive understanding of the performance of PPS. Such non-IFRS information
is unaudited, however the numbers have been extracted from audited or reviewed financial statements.

For personal use only

The offer
Praemium is offering to acquire the 85% of the shares it does not already own in Powerwrap
for 7.5¢ cash per share and one Praemium share for every two Powerwrap shares owned.
Offer Structure

Agreed off-market takeover to
acquire 85% of the outstanding
shares of Powerwrap not already
owned by Praemium.(1)

Bid Conditions
90% minimum acceptance,
material third party consents.
No material adverse change, no
regulatory actions, no prescribed
occurrences and other customary
conditions.(5)

Consideration

Transaction Funding

The offer consideration is 7.5¢ cash
and one Praemium share for every
two Powerwrap shares.(2)

The offer is not subject to any
financing condition.

This implies an offer value of
26.44¢ per share(2) and an implied
equity value of $55.6m.(3)

Timing

Agreed exclusivity during offer.
Expected completion
in September 2020.

Funded by a mix of scrip, cash
and a term loan facility.(4)

Board Recommendation
Powerwrap’s Board has
unanimously recommended that
shareholders accept in favour of
Praemium’s offer, subject to a
superior proposal.(5)

(1) Praemium currently owns 31.1 million Powerwrap shares. This represents 15% of Powerwrap’s fully diluted shares outstanding.
(2) Based on Praemium’s Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) of 37.89¢ for the 5 trading days prior to the announcement of the proposed transaction on 9 July 2020.
Foreign shareholders of Powerwrap to have Praemium shares issued to a nominee, then receive the net proceeds from Praemium shares sold
(3) Based on an implied offer price of 26.44¢ and current diluted shares outstanding of 210.1 million, excluding Performance Rights expected to be issued following finalisation of Powerwrap’s Audited
Financial Statements.
(4) Praemium has secured a $15m term loan facility to fund the transaction.
(5) Refer page 11 for a summary of the Bid Implementation Agreement’s (BIA) conditions.

1

For personal use only

An attractive premium
The implied offer price represents an attractive premium to Powerwrap’s closing share price
and the 1 month, 3 month and 6 month VWAPs.(1)
$0.300

$0.250

138.4% premium

82.3% premium

64.6% premium

51.1% premium

$0.200

$0.150
$0.264

$0.100

$0.145

$0.050

$0.161

$0.175

$0.111

6 month VWAP

3 month VWAP

1 month VWAP

Closing price

Implied offer price

(1) As at the day prior to the announcement of the proposed transaction on 9 July 2020.

2

About Powerwrap

For personal use only

The HNW investor segment is a key target market for Powerwrap. It comprises over $2 trillion
in assets across some 460,000 HNW investors*.
The platform has the largest investment product menu with FUA of $7.9bn.
The platform specialises in sophisticated investment solutions.
Includes access to over 250 domestic and international OTC Bonds.
13% of Powerwrap portfolios are allocated to alternative assets (wholesale managed funds).
International and fixed interest assets represent a further collective 16%.

Complex HNW portfolios
with average account size
of $1.9M

Full HIN based account
allowing all corporate
actions

Experts in alternative
assets and hedge funds

Tax report for every asset
class

The combined business will be the platform provider of choice for many of Australia’s leading advisor
groups, creating a strong contender in both the HNW segment and the broader investment platform market.
* Powerwrap / Investment Trends HNW Investor Report 2019.

3

For personal use only

Provides scale
The Merged Group will have greater financial and operational scale and is expected to be better
positioned to pursue growth opportunities.


The combined business to leverage the scale of our investment platform technology to realise
the full potential of the current market opportunity.



Greater combined scale and improved inflows may attract a higher valuation in line with other
leading Australian financial platform businesses.



Pro forma combined revenue of $65.8m(1) for the 12 months to December 2019.



Full year EBITDA operating cost synergies are expected (on a preliminary basis) to total
$6.0 million by FY2022. As Powerwrap currently licenses Praemium’s technology, significant
synergies are expected to be derived through consolidation of both company’s platforms onto
the most recent version of Praemium’s IT infrastructure.



Possible consolidation of responsible entities of the Praemium and Powerwrap
managed investment schemes, unlocking $5 million in regulatory capital.

(1) Pro forma adjustments include elimination of intercompany sales and purchases between Praemium and Powerwrap and re-allocation of revenue associated with platform trading and recovery.

4

Highly synergistic
Cost synergies

For personal use only

Full year EBITDA operating cost synergies are expected (on a preliminary basis) to total $6.0 million by FY2022.
Further, rationalisation of Powerwrap’s platform development activities may avoid ~$2.5m p.a. of capitalised
software development expenditure.

The post-transaction implementation program will focus on:
Removing cost duplication across the operations of the Merged Group;
Removing IT duplication of product development, maintenance and support costs;
Realising purchasing synergies arising from operational and administrative economies of scale;
Consolidating suppliers of custody, market data and brokerage services;
Saving operational costs by unifying Powerwrap’s processes onto Praemium’s IT infrastructure; and
Eliminating corporate costs associated with Powerwrap operating as a listed company on the ASX.

Revenue synergies

Post acquisition, Praemium intends to conduct a review of Powerwrap and its operations to identify areas for
improvement and identify available revenue synergies. The review will focus on opportunities to cross-sell products,
strengthen client engagement, integrate technologies and coordinate sales programs across the Merged Group.
Note: The extent and timing of the benefit of potential synergies is currently uncertain and will depend on, amongst other things, whether or not Praemium is able to acquire 100% of
Powerwrap.

5

A business with greater scale and a stronger market position

 A strong position serving the complex needs of advisers with clients in the HNWI(1) market segment;
1
2
 A clear market leader in accurate and reliable portfolio and tax reporting;

3
 A major provider of reporting and administration for HIN-based portfolios; and
4
 The only adviser platform that operates in Australia, the UK and a number of offshore markets.
Combined Group
over $27 billion

30.0

Disclosed Funds Under Administration (FUA)
as at 31 March 2020

25.0

7.9
FUA ($bn)

For personal use only

Combining the resources and capabilities of both Praemium and Powerwrap will create a business with greater
scale, international reach, improved inflows, a more diversified customer base, improved liquidity and a larger and
more flexible balance sheet. Overall, the Merged Group will have a number of important differentiators:

20.0

15.0

27.9

10.0

19.3

19.3
15.1

14.5

5.0

7.9

0.0
Netwealth

Combined Group

(2)

Praemium

HUB24

Xplore Wealth

Powerwrap

5.5
OneVue

(1) High-net-worth individual
(2) Includes Praemium’s custodial and non-custodial FUA which relates to $8.8m of platform FUA and $11.1m held within its non-custodial Virtually Managed Accounts Administration Service.
Praemium’s international FUA in GBP is translated at spot rate for quarter end FUA of 0.5006. All figures provided are unaudited.

6

Praemium is emerging as a global leader
UK: Praemium debuted 2nd in
prestigious platform ratings.

Australia: Praemium debuted 4th in Investment Trends platform survey.

Total overall score
90.0%
80.0%
70.0%

60.0%
50.0%
40.0%
30.0%
20.0%
10.0%

Source: Investment Trends overall platform scores (2019).

IOOF Pursuit Fo

MLC MasterKey

Asgard Eleme

Onevue

Praemium

BT Panorama

Hub24

0.0%

Netwealth

For personal use only

The proposed transaction is likely to further accelerate its challenge of the sector’s incumbents.

Parmenion

4.64

Praemium

4.47

Novia

4.30

Transact

4.23

True Potential

4.15

Nucleus

3.91

Seven IM

3.83

Elevate

3.83

Zurich

3.83

Standard Life Wrap

3.69

Old Mutual Wealth

3.54

AJ Bell Investcentre

3.53

FundsNetwork

3.38

Aviva Platform

3.31

Aegon Retirement Choices

3.22

James Hay Modular iPlan

2.93

Ascentric

2.92

Alliance Trust Savings

2.55

The Aegon Platform

2.23

Total Average Score

3.84

Source: The Lang Cat Platform Scorecard (March 2020)
The ratings give insight into how advisers are using
platforms and how well their needs are being served.

7

For personal use only

Powerwrap and Praemium – stronger together
Praemium’s reporting and administration strength combined with Powerwrap’s execution capabilities and
broad range of alternative investment options will create a highly attractive proposition as a specialist
platform solution.

Merged Group differentiators
•A strong position serving the
complex needs of advisers
with clients in the HNWI
market segment

•A clear market leader in
accurate and reliable
portfolio and tax reporting

•A major provider of reporting
and administration for HINbased portfolios

•The only adviser platform
that operates in Australia, the
UK and a number of offshore
markets

8

For personal use only

Powerwrap will leverage Praemium’s upgraded tech
In early 2019, Praemium launched a major platform upgrade to create a fully integrated managed accounts
platform. The upgrade will be provided to Powerwrap clients and includes:
•
•
•

An intuitive digital Adviser Portal
An enhanced digital Investor Portal
An artificial intelligence application, Insights, that assists advisers with client retention.
Adviser Portal

Investor Portal

Insights

9

For personal use only

Offer period timetable (unless extended)
Step

Event

Date

1.

Praemium lodges Bidder’s Statement with the Australian Information Securities Commission
(ASIC) and serves it on Powerwrap and the Australia Securities Exchange (ASX).

16 July 2020

2.

Dispatch of Bidder’s Statement to Powerwrap shareholders.

30 July 2020

3.

Offer period commences.

30 July 2020

4.

Dispatch of Target Statement to Powerwrap’s shareholders.

14 August 2020

5.

Close of Offer Period (unless extended).

31 August 2020

(1) Refer to the Bid Implementation Agreement for further information.

10

For personal use only

Subject to a number of conditions
Condition

Description(1)

Minimum acceptance
threshold

At the end of the Offer period, Praemium has a relevant interest in at least 90% of the Powerwrap shares
(on a fully diluted basis).

No regulatory action

No regulatory action is taken in consequence or in connection with the Offer (other than by ASIC or the
Takeovers Panel) that materially impacts the making of the Offer and completion of the transaction.

No acquisitions, disposals
and other matters

Powerwrap does not acquire or dispose any asset or business which would involve a material change to the
manner in which it conducts its business or its assets / liabilities, does not enter into or materially amend any
key contract and does not declare, agree to pay or become liable to pay a material bonus, other than in the
ordinary course of business.

No material adverse change

No event occurs or information is disclosed that has, or would be considered reasonably likely to have, a
material adverse effect on the business’s assets, liabilities, financial or trading position, profitability or
prospects of Powerwrap.

No prescribed occurrences

Between when the takeover is announced and the date the minimum acceptance threshold is fulfilled or
waived no prescribed occurrence (as outlined in the Bid Implementation Agreement) takes place.

No distributions

Powerwrap does not announce, make, declare or pay any distribution or agree to do so.

Australian Financial Services
Licence (AFSL)

The AFSLs granted in favour of Powerwrap and MWH Capital are valid and are not subject to variation,
cancellation or revocation.

Material third party consents
or approvals

Powerwrap and Praemium obtain all necessary consents and approvals of any third party.

No breach of representation
or warranty

The warranties (as outlined in the Bid Implementation Agreement) in respect of Powerwrap are true and
correct in all material respects.

Options, performance rights
and restricted securities

Before the end of the Offer period, all of Powerwrap’s non-employee options are cancelled for no or nominal
consideration, performance rights are exercised provided they do not cause the fully diluted share count to
exceed 212,000,000 Powerwrap shares and Restricted Securities are free of any restriction.

General market fall

The All Ordinaries Index is not, for a period of three consecutive trading days, lower than 30% of the level of
that index as at the close of normal trading on the ASX on the Announcement Date.

(1) Refer to the Bid Implementation Agreement for further information.

11

For personal use only

Level 19, 367 Collins Street,
Melbourne, VIC 3000
Ph: 1800 571 881
E: support@praemium.com.au

