Announcement
Acquisition of Revolution Mining Software Inc

For personal use only

9 July 2020

RPMGlobal Holdings Limited (ASX: RUL) [RPM ®] is pleased to announce it has entered into a share
purchase agreement to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Sudbury, Canada headquartered mine
scheduling optimisation company, Revolution Mining Software.

Privately-owned Revolution Mining Software has more than six years’ experience developing and selling its
flagship Schedule Optimisation Tool (SOT) TM, a cutting-edge mine scheduling optimisation software solution
for tier one miners around the globe.
RPM has also acquired Revolution Mining Software’s Attain TM and SurfaceSOT TM software solutions.

SOT emerged out of research undertaken by Mining Innovation, Rehabilitation and Applied Research
Corporation (MIRARCO), a not-for-profit corporation of Laurentian University in Canada that is well known for
solving complicated mining industry problems through innovative thinking.
SOT is the industry’s only strategic financial optimisation tool for underground mines that enables mine
planners to improve productivity and profitability by optimising the net present value (NPV) of the mine
schedule.
This scheduling program adds value to mining operations in several ways, including by generating life-of-mine
schedules that adhere to all specified precedence and operational constraints, optimising NPV based on the
user’s financial model.
Attain TM is a software solution which ensures operational mine planning is systematically aligned with the
long-range plan. This approach ensures the company has optimised short-range schedules that are feasible
and aligned with the long-range schedule.

SurfaceSOT TM is a solution that will work for all types of mining operations to maximise their NPV by
optimising their long-range schedules including management of stockpiles and product blending while
minimising the re-handling of materials.
Commenting on the acquisition, RPMGlobal CEO and Managing Director Richard Mathews said “we are very
pleased to have concluded negotiations to acquire Revolution Mining Software and are really looking forward
to welcoming Lorrie and the rest of the Revolution team into the RPM family. We will invest in their industry
leading scheduling optimisation tools to deliver innovative solutions that add real value to our customers.”
“RPM was born from the understanding that mine planning needs to be built on sound economics and the
Revolution Mining product strategy is completely aligned with that core value”.

Lorrie Fava, Revolution Mining’s President said “The entire Revolution Mining team is so passionate about the
solutions we have delivered to the industry, so it was important to us that RPM also shared our vision and
passion, which they clearly do.”
“To be able to be a part of a company with RPM’s pedigree and history is a very exciting prospect for the team
at Revolution Mining. We look forward to joining the RPM team and are convinced that the Revolution Mining
Software product suite will benefit from increased investment and the sales and marketing support that RPM
can offer these products right around the world.”
The acquisition of the SOT, Attain and SurfaceSOT solutions extend the strategic capability of RPM’s
scheduling solutions. RPM’s sophisticated mathematical modelling tools for short and mid-range planning
amplify the benefits its customers receive from the optimisation and schedule alignment tools.

Following completion of the transaction, all of Revolution Mining Software’s employees and management will
move across into the RPM business where they will continue to be focused on transforming mining operations
through innovative software solutions.

For personal use only

The transaction will be funded by RPM’s existing cash reserves and comprises an upfront payment and two
year earn-out. The acquisition is expected to close on 31 July 2020 subject to customary completion events.
Authorised by:
James O’Neill
Company Secretary
+61 7 3100 7200
companysecretary@rpmglobal.com

About RPM:
RPMGlobal Holdings Limited (ASX: RUL) [RPM®] was listed on the Australian Securities Exchange on 27 May
2008 and is a global leader in the provision and development of mining software solutions, advisory services
and professional development to the mining industry.
With history stretching back to 1968, RPM has been trusted by mining companies of all sizes and commodities
to support their growth. Our global expertise has been achieved over the past 50 years through our work in over
125 countries and our approach to the business of mining being strongly grounded in economic principles.
RPMGlobal Holdings Limited ABN 17 010 672 321 (ASX : RUL)
Head Office: Level 2, 295 Ann Street, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia 4000

