ASX RELEASE

For personal use only

9 July 2020

Woolworths Selects SECOS As Supplier of
Compostable Bag Range
SECOS Group Limited (SES: ASX) (Company) is pleased to provide the market with an
update on commercialisation activities.

Highlights:


Woolworths selects SECOS to supply two certified compostable bin liners into their
stores - 8L Kitchen Caddy Bag and 36L Bin Liner.



Initial rollout will begin in July with 86 Eco Stores and a view to expand supply through
the broader Woolworths retail network



The availability of SECOS’ compostable bags via Woolworths stores will give
households participating in approved council food organic waste programs the option
to dispose of the bags and food waste in their green waste bin



The acceptance by Woolworths together with a long list of government Councils
requiring the use of SECOS’ compostable bag range further validates the Company’s
reputation as a leader in sustainable and environmental products



Volumes will be subject to instore sales however current demand for compostable bags
via retail chains suggest good sales growth for this market.



SECOS sees InStore products as a new market for its branded MyEcoBag and
MyEcoPet line of products and is working to garner market share in grocery and
convenience stores in Australia, Mexico, and the US.

Key Achievements:


SECOS Group is pleased to announce that it has been selected to supply Woolworths
with Compostable Products consisting of two certified compostable bin liners for
stocking in 86 Woolworths ECO Stores.



SECOS is an Australian based company with significant IP around the formulation and
production of Compostable resin, film and bags. Our aim is to replace traditional single
use plastic packaging and traditional plastic bags with our Certified Compostable
products and bags to facilitate the diversion of household food waste to organic
treatment stations. This has the benefit of reducing greenhouse emissions and
capturing organic food waste for processing into a fertile mulch.

SECOS Group Limited (ASX: SES)
ACN 064 755 237
Level 2, Suite 6, 205-211 Forster Road Mount Waverley VIC 3149 Australia
t: +613 8566 6800 e: info@secosgroup.com.au www.secosgroup.com.au

For personal use only



Many Australian Councils are in the process of issuing householders with Kitchen
Caddies and Compostable Bin Liners that enable householders to divert food waste
from the landfill via ‘green bin’ waste collection. Woolworths selection of SECOS
Group products will enable consumers to access these compostable caddy bags
directly from Woolworths ECO Supermarket Stores.



SECOS is launching the Woolworths Certified Compostable Bin Liners under the
MyEcoBag brand in Australia and will be expanding this range to include MyEcoWorld
for other bag offerings as well as a MyEcoPet portal for compostable Pet Waste Bags.

Ian Stacey, SECOS CEO said, “SECOS is pleased to broaden its product portfolio and
customer base in what we feel will be a strong growth area both in Australia and around the
world. It is pleasing to see the hard work in launching new brands and products come to
fruition”.
SECOS Group was one of the first companies in Australia to have its compostable biopolymer
resin & film products certified as compostable in 2012. SECOS now has a range of certified
Industrial Compostable & Home Compostable biopolymer resins. These resins can go into a
wide range of film applications which are often in the form of a bag including Items such as
Bin Liners, Kitchen Caddy Bags and Dog Waste Bags.
Through its ownership of Cardia, SECOS has been supplying Councils and film converters for
years. We are very pleased to now have an opportunity to supply Woolworths Eco stores.
This is a significant opportunity for SECOS to expand its retail presence. We are also pleased
to be launching under a new MyEcoBag brand. Investments in branding, marketing plus new
packaging design initiatives have broadened our household waste product range and will
assist the SECOS range of earth friendly, plastic free, certified compostable products to stand
out on any retail shelf.

SECOS Group Limited (ASX: SES)
ACN 064 755 237
Level 2, Suite 6, 205-211 Forster Road Mount Waverley VIC 3149 Australia
t: +613 8566 6800 e: info@secosgroup.com.au www.secosgroup.com.au

For personal use only

SECOS sees its mission to replace single use plastics with compostable alternatives. Of the
80 million1 tonnes of plastic produced each year for single use flexible packaging, 20 million
tonnes of plastic are used to create between 0.5 to 1 trillion2 single-use plastic bags each year.
On average each bag is utilized for 12 minutes2. Compostable alternatives made with Cardia’s
patented formulas and annually renewable resources make sense as they reduce the
environmental pollution caused by the proliferation of plastic bags which can take decades to
break down. And Cardia's bioplastic solutions are much more environmentally friendly than
paper. It would take 150 million trees each year to produce paper bag alternatives as well as
a 6x higher energy use to manufacture paper bags.
1.
2.

Ellen Macarther Foundation
https://conservingnow.com/plastic-bag-consumption-facts

For more information, please contact:
Richard Tegoni
Chairman
+61 411 110 901
r.tegoni@secosgroup.com.au

About SECOS Group Limited
SECOS Group Limited (ASX: SES) is a leading developer and manufacturer of sustainable packaging
materials. SECOS supplies its proprietary biodegradable resins, packaging products and high-quality
cast films to a blue-chip global customer base. SECOS Group is integrated from resin production, into
film (cast and blown) production and can develop bespoke compostable solutions for a wide range of
applications.
SECOS holds a strong patent portfolio and the global trend toward sustainable packaging is fueling the
Company’s growth.
The Company’s headquarters and Global Application Development Centre are based in Melbourne,
Australia. SECOS has a Product Development Centre and manufacturing plant for resins and finished
products in China and resins plant in Malaysia. The Company also has manufacturing plants for high
quality cast films in Malaysia.
SECOS has sales offices in Australia, Mexica, Malaysia, China and USA, with a network of leading
distributors across the Americas, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Africa and India.

SECOS Group Limited (ASX: SES)
ACN 064 755 237
Level 2, Suite 6, 205-211 Forster Road Mount Waverley VIC 3149 Australia
t: +613 8566 6800 e: info@secosgroup.com.au www.secosgroup.com.au

