Sultan Resources Ltd

ACN: 623652 522

CORPORATE DETAILS
ASX Code: SLZ

DIRECTORS

For personal use only

STEVEN GROVES
MANAGING DIRECTOR
JEREMY KING
CHAIRMAN

09th July 2020

DAVID LEES
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

ENCOURAGING GOLD AND COPPER SOIL RESULTS
FROM INTITAL SAMPLING PROGRAM AT RINGAROO
PORPHYRY PROJECT, LACHLAN FOLD BELT, NSW

CONTACT

Suite 2, Level 1,
1 Altona Street
West Perth WA 6005
www.sultanresources.com.au
info@sultanresources.com.au
l

•

1.0km x 0.40km, gold and copper soil anomaly defined at the emerging Ringaroo
Porphyry Au-Cu Project
o Coincident with large 4.2km x 1.5km magnetic high complex,
o Along strike and in same magnetic high complex as Impact Minerals’ Aspley
Porphyry Cu-Au Target (ASX Announcement 14/01/2020)
o Remains open to the south, west and north.

•

High priority Ringaroo Porphyry Au-Au Project target is undrilled and located just 25km
south of Alkane’s Boda discovery and is hosted in similar Macquarie Arc geology.

•

Further soil and rock chip sampling and IP surveys to define drill targets at Ringaroo in
preparation

•

Petrographic analysis of Tucklan samples confirms the presence of epithermal-style
hydrothermal alteration minerals including adularia

Sultan Resources Limited (ASX: SLZ) (Sultan or Company) is pleased to announce results from the first
program of soil sampling undertaken across the Ringaroo Project within the Company’s Star Plateau
Licence (EL8735) which forms part of the emerging Lachlan Fold Belt (“LFB”) Porphyry Au-Cu
acquisition (ASX announcement 08/05/2020).
The soil results are part of Sultan’s ongoing LFB exploration program designed to identify drill targets
with high potential to host porphyry-style Au-Cu and/or epithermal gold mineralisation across the
three highly prospective targets at Big Hill, Ringaroo and Tucklan.

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Ringaroo

2

4

3
1

Figure 1: Sultan tenements in relation to World Class operating mines of the East Lachlan Fold Belt,
and the recent Boda discovery (References for resources at end of document)

Significant Results - Ringaroo
Soil sampling has initially targeted a prominent N-S trending magnetic feature that is interpreted to
represent a Macquarie Arc intrusive complex similar to that which hosts Alkane Resources’ (ASX:ALK)
Boda porphyry Au-Cu discovery some 25km to the north. (see ASX Announcement 23/03/2020).
The magnetic high is at least 4.2km x 1.5km in size and hosts Impact Minerals’ (ASX:IPT) recent Aspley
discovery which lies 3km north of the sampled portion of Ringaroo and just over the EL8735 boundary.
At Aspley, Impact have identified shoshonitic host rocks that have returned elevated copper to 8.1%
and silver to 13.1g/t from surface rock samples (see ASX Announcements 14/01/2020, 23/04/2020).
Soil Sampling
Soil sampling across a 200m x 200m grid covering a ~3km2 portion of Ringaroo has defined multiple
anomalies including a prominent N-S trending 1.0km x 0.40km, gold and copper soil geochemical
anomaly showing gold values consistently greater than 3.1ppb Au and copper values above 94ppm Cu
(Figure 2). A second anomalous zone located 1km to the south east shows a narrow NE-trending
anomaly with gold values greater than 4.5ppb Au and coincident copper above 94ppm Cu. Both
anomalies are open in multiple directions and will be further defined as the soil sampling program
expands.
page 2

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Figure 2: Ringaroo gold & copper soil anomaly maps (200m X 200m Sample Grid) on RTP Aeromagnetic Image.
page 3

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Future Work Program - Ringaroo

For personal use only

The Ringaroo geology and geochemistry are consistent with characteristics associated with subsurface porphyry Au-Cu systems yet this high priority target remains undrilled.
Follow up exploration including geological mapping, further rock and soil sampling, petrology and highresolution IP surveys are in preparation. The exploration program is designed to identify the best sites
to drill test for deeper porphyry Au-Cu mineralisation.
Lachlan Fold Belt Exploration Program Update
Sultan is well advanced in implementing the next stage of its LFB exploration program. A contractor,
Fender Geophysics, has been appointed to undertake the IP surveys across the identified targets at
Big Hill, Tucklan and Ringaroo.
Big Hill Prospects
Follow up exploration at Big Hill is ongoing, with geochemical sampling and mapping to the east of the
current soil anomaly to test the remainder of the magnetic complex underway.
High resolution ground IP surveying designed to locate chargeability features (pyrite halos) coincident
with the multidisciplinary surface anomalism is also planned. Sultan are working closely with Fender
Geophysics to finalise the design of the IP program which will comprise four north-south oriented lines
across the length of the main Au-Cu soil anomaly. The programme is envisaged to commence once
the necessary landowner access consents are finalised.
Inversion modelling and targeting interpretation will follow and the Company will provide updates
accordingly.

page 4

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

2km

N

Figure 3: Proposed IP lines (black lines) over gold soil anomalism at Big Hill

Tucklan Prospect
Work at the recently discovered Tucklan epithermal prospect has continued with the results of
petrographic analysis of 4 samples received from Mason Geoscience (Appendix 1). The work has
revealed that the samples are all altered Trachyandesitic volcanogenic fragmental rocks showing
infiltration by sulphur-bearing hydrothermal fluids. Alteration minerals identified include K-feldspar
(including adularia), sericite, quartz, pyrite, leucoxene and chalcopyrite. The minerals identified are
consistent with those typically associated with epithermal gold deposit formation and confirm initial
field-based interpretations of the style of mineralisation observed in mineralised rock samples (see
ASX Announcement 02/06/2020).
The exploration program at Tucklan is ongoing and will include:
•
•
•
•

Extension soil and rock chip programs to expand the existing anomalies
Induced Polarisation (I.P.) surveying
Additional regional target definition exploration
Drill testing of targets

page 5

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

0.25g/t Au

Figure 4: Sample TLR001 showing alteration effects of the
sulphur-bearing hydrothermal fluids resulting an
assemblage of quartz + k-feldspar (adularia) + pyrite +
sericite/clay + leucoxene in a trachyandesite breccia host.
(Gold grade first reported in ASX release 02/06/2020)

With $2m cash, Sultan is well placed to fund exploration of all LFB targets well into the future.
This announcement is authorised by Steve Groves, Managing Director
For further information contact:
Managing Director
Steve Groves
info@sultanresources.com.au

Investor Relations
Peter Taylor
Peter@nwrcommunications.com.au
0412 036 231

Competent Persons Statement
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets and Exploration Results is based on historical
exploration information compiled by Mr Steven Groves, who is a Competent Person and a Member of the Australian
Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Groves is Managing Director and a full-time employee of Sultan Resources Limited. Mr
Groves has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration
and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian
Code for the reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Mr Groves consents to the inclusion
in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
About Sultan Resources
Sultan Resources is an Australian focused exploration company with a portfolio of quality assets in emerging discovery
terranes currently targeted by successful explorers such as Newcrest Mining, Alkane Resources, Gold Road Resources,
and Sandfire Resources. Sultan’s tenement portfolio includes prospective targets for porphyry Au-Cu, structurallyhosted gold, Nickel, Cobalt and base metals and include tenements located in the highly prospective Lachlan Fold Belt
of Central NSW as well as projects located within the southern terrane region of the Yilgarn Craton in south and south
eastern Western Australia. Sultan’s board and management strategy is for a methodical approach to exploration across
the prospects in order to discover gold and base metals that may be delineated via modern exploration techniques and
exploited for the benefit of the company and its shareholders.

page 6

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

For personal use only

References
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.

Newcrest., 2019, Newcrest Investor and Analyst Presentation, ASX Announcement, 18 November 2019
CMOC 2019., China Molybdenum Company Limited, http://www.cmocinternational.com/australia/
Evolution., 2018, https://evolutionmining.com.au/reservesresources/
Regis Resources Ltd, https://www.regisresources.com.au/General/reserves-and-resources.html
Mason, Dr. D.R.: Petrographic Descriptions for Five Sawn Rock Slabs, Sultan Resources Internal Company
Report, July 2020

Appendix 1: Summary of Rock Names and Mineralogy 5

page 7

For personal use only

Appendix 2: JORC Code, 2012 Edition Table 1 – Colossus Metals

Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
21Edition – Table 1 report Data

2ition – Table 1 report Data

(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
JORC Code explanation
Criteria
Sampling
techniques

Commentary

• Nature & quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate to the minerals
under investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or handheld XRF
instruments, etc.). These examples should not be taken as limiting the broad
meaning of sampling.

Current Rock sampling program

• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity & the
appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems used.

• Outcrop samples are resistant portions of the local geology and are
considered to be in situ. Float samples are interpreted to have been sourced
from local area.

• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this would be
relatively simple (e.g. ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m
samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire
assay’). In other cases more explanation may be required, such as where
there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling problems. Unusual
commodities or mineralisation types (e.g. submarine nodules) may warrant
disclosure of detailed information.

• Rock chip samples were taken in the during field inspection of the Tucklan
gold target
• Rock samples were collected from surface outcrop and float

• Samples weighing up to several kilograms were collected
Current soil sampling program
• All soil sample points were located using a hand-held GPS with +/-5m
accuracy utilising MGA zone 55 (GDA94) coordinate system. Surface organic
matter was removed from the sample site using a hand pick and shovel and
a 25cm x 25cm x 25cm deep hole was dug using a mattock, with a sample of
primarily B soil horizon collected. The soil sample was screened using a 3mm
mesh aluminium sieve and a 200-250 gram sub sample of -3mm fraction was
retained in a labelled soil geochemical bag for analysis. Soil sample IDs and
locations are stored digitally in a register which also notes sample content
and conditions. External certified reference material / standards, blanks and
duplicates are submitted every 50th, 51st and 52nd sample respectively for
QAQC purposes.

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Drilling
techniques

• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air blast,
auger, Bangka, sonic, etc.) & details (e.g. core diameter, triple or standard
tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other type, whether core is
oriented & if so, by what method, etc.).

• N/A

Drill sample
recovery

• Method of recording & assessing core & chip sample recoveries & results
assessed.

• N/A

• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery & ensure representative
nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery & grade & whether
sample bias may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material.

Logging

• Whether core & chip samples have been geologically & geotechnically
logged to a level of detail to support appropriate Mineral Resource
estimation, mining studies & metallurgical studies.

Current Rock sampling program

• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc.) photography.

• The description is qualitative and includes lithology, alteration and
mineralisation

• A short geological description was taken at each sample point

• The total length & percentage of the relevant intersections logged.

Sub-sampling
techniques &
sample
preparation

• If core, whether cut or sawn & whether quarter, half or all core taken.

Current Rock and soil sampling program

• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc.& whether
sampled wet or dry.

• The sample preparation for both rock and soils follows industry best practise
involving oven drying, crushing and pulverisation

• For all sample types, the nature, quality & appropriateness of the sample
preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in situ
material collected, including for instance results for field duplicate/secondhalf sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material being
sampled.

page 9

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Quality of
assay data &
laboratory
tests

• The nature, quality & appropriateness of the assaying & laboratory
procedures used & whether the technique is considered partial or total.

•

• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc., the
parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument make &
model, reading times, calibrations factors applied & their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks) & whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) & precision have been established.

Verification
of sampling
& assaying

• The verification of significant intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.

Rock samples are analysed for 48 elements including Ag, Al, As, Ba, Be, Bi, Ca,
Cd, Ce, Co, Cr, Cs, Cu, Fe, Ga, Be, Hf, In, K, La, Li, Mg, Mn, Mo, Na, Nb, Ni, P,
Pb, Rb, Re, S, Sb, Sc, Se, Sn, Sr, Ta, Te, Th, Ti, Tl, U, V, W, Y Zn and Zr using
method ME-MS61 (four acid ICP-MS). Gold will be analysed separately using
ALS method Au-AA22, with a lower detection limit of 0.001 ppm.
• Soil Samples were analysed for 53 elements including Au, Ag, Al, As, B, Ba,
Be, Bi, Ca, Cd, Ce, Co, Cr, Cs, Cu, Fe, Ga, Ge, Hf, Hg, In, K, La, Li, Mg, Mn, Mo,
Na, Nb, Ni, P, Pb, Pd, Pt, Rb, Re, S, Sb, Sc, Se, Sn, Sr, Ta, Te, Th, Ti, Tl, U, V, W,
Y, Zn & Zr using method AuME-ST44.
• External certified reference material / standards, blanks and duplicates are
submitted every 50th, 51st and 52nd sample respectively for QAQC
purposes.
• All data are verified by at least two experienced Colossus Metals geologists.
• Data are stored in a digital database and interrogated using the ioGasTM
geochemical software suite.

• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data verification,
data storage (physical & electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

Location of
data points

• Accuracy & quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar & down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings & other locations used in Mineral
Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality & adequacy of topographic control.

Data spacing • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
& distribution • Whether the data spacing & distribution is sufficient to establish the degree
of geological & grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral Resource &
Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s)&classifications applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.

• A handheld GPS was used to locate each sample point. Accuracy of +/- 5m is
considered reasonable
• MGA94, Zone 55
• Elevation were in AHD (MGA94, Zone 55)
•

Soil samples from the current program are collected across a grid spaced
at
• Ringaroo 200m x 200m sample spacing

•

These spacings are considered reasonable to provide sufficient
geochemical coverage over the target types sought.

page 10

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Orientation of • Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of possible
structures & the extent to which this is known, considering the deposit type.
data in
relation to
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation & the orientation of key
geological
mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a sampling bias, this
structure
should be assessed & reported if material.

Commentary

• N/A

Sample
security

• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

All geochemical samples were selected by geologists in the field delivered
directly to the lab by Colossus,

Audits or
reviews

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques & data.

• Not applicable

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
JORC Code explanation
Criteria
Mineral
tenement &
land tenure
status

Commentary

• Type, reference name/number, location & ownership including agreements
or material issues with third parties such as joint ventures, partnerships,
overriding royalties, native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or
national park & environmental settings.

•

The licences referred to in this document are part of arecent acquisition by
Sultan Resources for 100% of the assets of Colossus Metals. The licences
include EL8734, EL8704 and EL8735, which together cover a total area of
approximately 326 km2 within the Lachlan Fold Belt of central NSW.

• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along with any known
impediments to obtaining a licence to operate in the area.

•

EL8734 and 8735 are due for renewal in April 2020 and Sultan has been
advised by Colossus that all expenditure commitments have been met for
the respective 2 year term.

Exploration
done by other
parties

• Acknowledgment & appraisal of exploration by other parties.

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting & style of mineralisation.

• Previous exploration over EL8734 has been limited. Work reported was
generally generative in nature and at a reconnaissance level.
The Project lies 45km northeast of the Boda Cu-Au porphyry discovery within
the Late Ordovician – Early Silurian Tucklan Formation, Rockley - Gulgong
Volcanic Belt, Macquarie Arc. The Tucklan Formation is considered to be
synchronous with Phase 4 volcanism in the Macquarie Arc which is associated
in time and space with the largest porphyry Au-Cu deposits. It is associated
with historical gold workings that include numerous prospecting pits, plus a

page 11

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
shallow shaft and adit. These form part of the overlooked & extensive Tucklan
gold field.
The Lachlan Orogen is approximately 700 km wide and 1000 km long and has
disputed complex evolutionary history. The Macquarie Arc is part of the
eastern sub-province of the Lachlan Orogen and is the host to numerous
porphyry Au–Cu deposits. It consists mainly of subduction-related Ordovician
intermediate and mafic volcanic, volcaniclastic and associated intrusive rocks
and was accreted to Gondwana in the Early Silurian, and underwent rifting
and burial in the Middle to Late Silurian.
It consists of four structural belts, namely, the western (Junee-Narromine),
the central (Molong), the eastern (Rockley-Gulgong) Belt, and southern
(Kiandra) volcanic belts. These belts have most likely been formed by rifting
and dismemberment of a single arc, which developed along the boundary
between the Australian and proto-Pacific plates during the Ordovician and
was subsequently dismembered during the Silurian.
An entirely intra-oceanic setting is postulated for the Macquarie Arc
(Crawford et al., 2007), with four phases of arc-type magmatism, the earliest
in the Early Ordovician, and culminating in the Late Ordovician to Early
Silurian. The four phases of volcanism in the Macquarie Arc relate to distinct
groups of porphyritic intrusions that vary from monzodiorite-diorite through
monzonite-granodiorite compositions and correspond with porphyry coppergold and epithermal gold-silver mineralisation
Lithology
Based on the work discussed in this document, the rocks at Tucklan are
classified to be of trachy-andesite to alkali basaltic volcano-sedimentary
origin.

Drill hole
Information

• A summary of all information material to the understanding of the
exploration results including a tabulation of the following information for all
Material drill holes:

A map showing the distribution of anomalous Au and Cu has been included for
reference. It is impractical to present data for all 53 elements recorded in the
assay analysis

o Easting & northing of the drill hole collar

page 12

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level in metres) of
the drill hole collar
o dip & azimuth of the hole
o down hole length & interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis that the
information is not Material & this exclusion does not detract from the
understanding of the report, the Competent Person should clearly explain
why this is the case.

Data
aggregation
methods

• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging techniques, maximum
and/or minimum grade truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades)&cut-off
grades are usually Material & should be stated.

• N/A

• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high grade results
& longer lengths of low grade results, the procedure used for such
aggregation should be stated & some typical examples of such aggregations
should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent values should be
clearly stated.

Relationship
between
mineralisatio
n widths &
intercept
lengths

• These relationships are particularly important in the reporting of
Exploration Results.

Diagrams

• Appropriate maps & sections (with scales)&tabulations of intercepts should
be included for any significant discovery being reported These should
include, but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole collar locations &
appropriate sectional views.

• N/A

• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill hole angle is
known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known & only the down hole lengths are reported, there should be
a clear statement to this effect (e.g.‘down hole length, true width not
known’).
• See maps and figures accompanying this ASX release.

page 13

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT - 09TH JULY 2020

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Balanced
reporting

• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low & high grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of Exploration Results.

• Reference has been made to anomalous levels of geochemical pathfinder
elements in the document. This interpretation has been determined by
experienced Colossus Metals’ geologists using the ioGasTM geochemical
software. It is impractical to present every result for all 53 elements across the
sample population in this document. A map showing the distribution of
anomalous Cu has been included for reference.

Other
substantive
exploration
data

• Other exploration data, if meaningful & material, should be reported
including (but not limited to): geological observations; geophysical survey
results; geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size&method of
treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical & rock characteristics; potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.

•

Further work

• The nature & scale of planned further work (e.g. tests for lateral extensions
or depth extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible extensions, including the
main geological interpretations & future drilling areas, provided this
information is not commercially sensitive.

• The focus on future work will be to ultimately generate targets for drilling.
Work to enable this will include further soil sampling programs coupled with
IP geophysics to locate bodies of disseminated sulphides beneath the surface.
If sufficient encouragement is gained from this work, then deeper RC or
diamond drilling is anticipated.

Geophysical data including publicly available magnetic and radiometric
surveys have been referred to in interpreting the Ringaroo Target. All data
are available from the NSW Department of Planning, Industry and
Environment MinView website: https://minview.geoscience.nsw.gov.au

page 14

