For personal use only

Summerset Group Holdings Limited
Level 27 Majestic Centre, 100 Willis St, Wellington
PO Box 5187, Wellington 6140
Phone: 04 894 7320 | Fax: 04 894 7319
Website: www.summerset.co.nz

NZX & ASX RELEASE
9 July 2020
SUMMERSET PROVIDES EARNING GUIDANCE FOR 1H20
Summerset Group advises that its underlying profit for the six months ended 30 June 2020 is
forecast to be between NZ$40 million and NZ$45 million.
Relative to 1H19 underlying profit this guidance is between 6% and 16% lower, reflecting the
significant impacts of COVID-19.
Summerset CEO Julian Cook said the company was pleased with the result given the
circumstances.
No forecast has been provided for NZ IFRS net profit after tax due to a key component of this
profit measure (fair value movement of investment property) being unavailable until after the
completion of an independent valuation process.
Summerset delivered 139 new retirement units in the first half. The lockdown saw construction at
13 sites across the country close for six weeks.
Mr Cook said, “Summerset is on-track to reach its revised year end build target of 300-350 new
retirement units, down from 400 before the COVID-19 pandemic.”
No earnings guidance is provided for the full year given the evolving outlook for the remainder of
the year.
As noted in previous guidance, Summerset continues to ensure it has strong financial
management disciplines in place with close to $350m of unutilised funding capacity available.
At this stage, given trading conditions, the directors anticipate being in a position to pay an
interim dividend.
Underlying profit differs from NZ IFRS net profit after tax. The directors provide an underlying
profit measure to assist investors in determining the realised and non-realised components of
fair value movement of investment property and tax expense in the Group’s income statement.
Underlying profit is an industry-wide measure which the Group use consistently from period to
period.
ENDS

For personal use only

For investor relations enquiries:
Scott Scoullar
Chief Financial Officer & Deputy CEO
scott.scoullar@summerset.co.nz
029 894 7317

For media enquiries:
Jenny Bridgen
Communications Manager
jenny.bridgen@summerset.co.nz
021 408 215

ABOUT SUMMERSET
•

Summerset is one of the leading operators and developers of retirement villages in New
Zealand, with 31 villages completed or in development across the country. In addition,
Summerset has eight sites for development in Milldale (Auckland), Parnell (Auckland),
Prebbleton (Canterbury), Rangiora (Canterbury), Waikanae (Kapiti Coast), Blenheim
(Marlborough), Cambridge (Waikato) and Lower Hutt (Wellington), plus two properties in
Victoria, Australia, bringing the total number of sites to 41.

•

It provides a range of living options and care services to more than 5,500 residents. The
Summerset Group has villages in Aotea, Avonhead, Bell Block, Casebrook, Dunedin,
Ellerslie, Hamilton, Hastings, Havelock North, Hobsonville, Karaka, Katikati, Kenepuru,
Levin, Manukau, Napier, Nelson, New Plymouth, Palmerston North, Papamoa Beach,
Paraparaumu, Richmond, Rototuna, St Johns, Taupo, Te Awa, Trentham, Wanganui,
Warkworth, Whangarei and Wigram.

