For personal use only

Spectur Raises Capital via Placement and Launches SPP
ASX Announcement | 9 July 2020
Highlights
•

Spectur Limited (Spectur or the Company) has received firm commitments to
raise $567,248 through the issue of 11,344,960 shares at 5 cents per share (the
Placement). The Placement has attracted strong demand from existing and
new shareholders who qualify as sophisticated or professional investors.

•

In parallel, the Company announces a non-underwritten Share Purchase Plan
(SPP) to raise a further $567,248 through the issue of an additional 11,344,960
shares at 5 cents per share.

•

The net proceeds of the Placement and pending SPP will strengthen the
Company’s balance sheet and provide important funding to accelerate adoption
of the Company’s new scalable next-generation technology platform, drive sales
through expanding channel partnerships and marketing strategy and review
potential M&A opportunities.

Thursday 9 July 2020: Solar security, sensing and visual AI solutions and platforms
company Spectur Limited (ASX: SP3) (“Spectur” or the “Company”) is pleased to
advise it has received firm commitments to raise $567,248 through a placement of
11,344,960 new shares at an issue price of $0.05 per share.
Net proceeds of the placement and parallel SPP will provide balance sheet strength to fund
growth initiatives. These include accelerating the rollout of the Company’s scalable nextgeneration STA6 technology platform, driving sales through geographic and channel
partnerships, expansion of strategic marketing activities and assessing potential acquisitions.
Commenting on the capital raising, Managing Director Gerard Dyson said:

“We are thankful for the strong support shown for the Placement by new and existing
sophisticated and professional shareholders, and welcome all eligible shareholders to
participate in the SPP at the same issue price. The Placement proceeds ensure that we are
well positioned to accelerate the Company’s growth initiatives, and we expect the SPP proceeds
to further strengthen our balance sheet.
“Although we were pleased to see great demand from investors for this placement, we have
actively limited the issue of new shares to minimise dilution and respect the interests of our
shareholders who have supported Spectur’s growth to this point.
“We are raising capital at an exciting stage of the Company’s story. In two of the past three
quarters we have demonstrated our ability to generate positive cashflow, even in difficult
market conditions. With imminent launch of our new STA6 technology platform, onboarding
of our specialised outbound sales team, support of channel partners and pending upgraded
digital platform, we are now ready to accelerate revenue growth.
“I thank our existing shareholders and incoming investors for their support and look forward
to executing the Company’s growth strategy through what we see as a highly active FY21.”

For personal use only

Placement
The Company has secured firm commitments under the Placement of $567,248 from
professional, sophisticated and other exempt investors for the issue of 11,344,960 new fullypaid ordinary shares in the Company (New Shares) at an issue price of 5 cents per New
Share.
The New Shares will be issued on or around 15 July 2020 subject to receipt of funds on 13
July 2020.
The issue price of 5 cents per New Share represents a discount of 19% to the Company’s 15day VWAP of 6.1 cents.
The New Shares will rank equally with existing fully-paid shares of the Company. The Company
and lead manager to the Placement, Alto Capital, approached professional and sophisticated
investors amongst its Top 40 shareholders to participate in the Placement as well as a limited
number of key additional long-term investors and funds.
No New Shares were issued or agreed to be issued under the Placement to a related party,
substantial holder in the Company, or to any other person referred to in Listing Rule 10.11.
Share Purchase Plan
Spectur is also pleased to provide existing eligible shareholders an opportunity to subscribe
for new fully paid ordinary shares (SPP Shares) in the Company by way of a Share Purchase
Plan (SPP). The SPP Shares will be offered at an issue price of 5 cents per share, being the
same as the price under the Placement.
Under the SPP each shareholder who held shares in the Company at 5.00pm (WST),
Wednesday 8 July 2020 and who had a registered address in Australia or New Zealand will be
entitled to apply for up to $30,000 of SPP Shares without paying brokerage.
The SPP will raise approximately $567,248 (before costs) and the SPP is not underwritten1.
Full details of the SPP (including details of any scale back arrangement in the event of
oversubscription) will be set out in the SPP Offer Document which is expected to be released
to the ASX and dispatched to eligible shareholders on or around 20 July 2020.
The SPP offer period will open on Monday 20 July 2020 and is expected to close at 5pm WST
on Friday 7 August 2020.
All Directors of Spectur are planning to apply for the full $30,000 of SPP shares each.
1 As

the SPP is not underwritten, the SPP may raise more or less than this amount. If the SPP generates applications
for more than $567,248, Spectur may decide in its absolute discretion to accept applications (in whole or in part)
that result in the SPP raising more than $567,248. If Spectur decides to conduct any scale back of applications due
to the aggregate amount applied for under the SPP exceeding Spectur’s requirements, the scale back will be applied
on a pro-rata basis.

Class Waiver – Temporary Extra Placement Capacity
The Company is conducting the Placement and SPP in reliance on the Class Waiver Decision—
Temporary Extra Placement Capacity granted by ASX dated 23 April 2020 (Class Waiver).
The Class Waiver was granted by ASX in recognition that many listed entities will need to raise
capital due to the effects of the Covid-19 health crisis. The Class Waiver lifts the 15% limit on
placements in ASX Listing Rule 7.1 to 25%, conditional on entities that avail themselves of the
temporary extra placement capacity either making a follow-on pro rata entitlement offer or a
follow-on SPP, in each case at the same or a lower price than the placement price.

For personal use only

In order to restrict the dilution to existing shareholders, Spectur has limited the size of the
Placement to 15% of its prevailing share capital, and has not used the entire 25% permitted
under the Class Waiver. Spectur has nevertheless opted to rely on the Class Waiver in order
to permit it to conduct the SPP at the same price as the Placement.
Spectur will announce to ASX the information required by paragraph 1.1.5 of the Class Waiver
within 5 business days of completing the Placement.
The key dates for the Placement and SPP are as follows:
Event

Target date2

Record Date

8 July 2020

Announcement of Placement and intention to conduct SPP

9 July 2020

Re-commencement of trading of shares on ASX

9 July 2020

Settlement of Placement

13 July 2020

Issue of New Shares

15 July 2020

Release of SPP Offer Document to ASX

16 July 2020

Despatch of Offer Document to eligible shareholders

20 July 2020

Opening Date of SPP

20 July 2020

Closing Date of SPP (5:00pm WST)
Announce to ASX results of SPP

7 August 2020
11 August 2020
(no later than 12 August 2020)

Issue of SPP Shares under SPP and despatch of holding
statements
Trading of all SPP Shares (subject to ASX Listing Rules)

13 August 2020
(no later than 18 August 2020)
14 August 2020

Note - dates and times are indicative only and subject to change. All times are Western
Standard Time.
2

Spectur reserves the right, subject to the Corporations Act, ASX Listing Rules and other
applicable laws, to vary any or all of the dates and times of the SPP, including extending the
SPP. Any extension of the Closing Date of the SPP will have a consequential effect on the issue
date of shares under the SPP.
Additional Information
Further details on Spectur’s business, the Placement and the SPP Offer are set out in the
investor presentation released to the ASX today. The investor presentation contains important
information including key risks relating to Spectur and an investment in Spectur’s shares. Any
person considering an investment in Spectur shares should read the investor presentation and
seek their own independent advice before making any decision in this regard.

Ends.

For personal use only

This ASX announcement was approved for release by the board of Spectur Limited.
For further information, please contact:
Corporate Enquiries
Spectur Limited
Gerard Dyson
investors@spectur.com.au
About Spectur Limited
Spectur Limited (ASX: SP3) is an Australian-based developer of security, surveillance and
warning solutions powered by solar, IoT [Internet of Things], camera and cloud-based
technology. The Company owns the rights to its innovative hardware and disruptive cloudbased systems which are deployed to provide solutions to industries including government and
utilities, and the building, construction and civil sector.
Spectur’s core products are solar powered deterrence and surveillance systems and associated
cloud-based platforms. These systems incorporate cameras, lighting, audible warnings and a
hardware IoT platform, remotely accessed and connected via 3G/4G technology to a cloudbased platform. The offering is complemented by a longer distance, 24-hour thermal camera
deterrence solution, suitable for customers with long perimeters.
Spectur is used and trusted by small business to multinationals and the Company is currently
implementing a strategic growth plan to build market dominance in the Australian government
and utilities sector to meet demand for innovative, remote camera and IoT solutions.
To learn more, please visit: www.spectur.com.au
Forward Looking Statements
This announcement contains forward-looking statements which are subject to elements of
uncertainty, risk and other factors which could cause the actual results or outcomes to differ
materially from those stated. These statements are based on an evaluation of current
economic, contractual and operating conditions, as well as assumptions regarding future
events. These events are, as at the date of this announcement, expected to take place, but
there cannot be any guarantee that such events will occur as anticipated, when anticipated or
at all given that many of the events are outside Spectur’s control.
Accordingly, neither Spectur nor any of its directors, officers, employees, contractors or agents,
gives any assurance that the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement will actually occur as and
when anticipated.

