For personal use only

Market Announcement
9 July 2020

Sezzle Inc. (ASX: SZL) – Trading Halt
Description
The securities of Sezzle Inc. (‘SZL’) will be placed in trading halt at the request of SZL, pending it releasing an
announcement. Unless ASX decides otherwise, the securities will remain in trading halt until the earlier of the
commencement of normal trading on Monday, 13 July 2020 or when the announcement is released to the
market.

Issued by
Maria Clemente
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)

9 July 2020
ASX Limited

Market Announcement 1/1
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

9 July 2020
ASX RELEASE
Company Announcements Platform
REQUEST FOR TRADING HALT
Sezzle Inc. (ASX: SZL or Company) hereby requests a trading halt in its securities from the ASX effective
immediately pending the release of an announcement with respect to a material capital raising by the
Company.
The trading halt will last until the earlier of the commencement of trading on Monday 13 July 2020 or the
release to the market of an announcement in relation to the capital raising.
The Company is not aware of any reason as to why the trading halt should not be granted or any further
information required to be disclosed to the market regarding the trading halt.
This announcement has been authorised by the Company’s CEO and Executive Chairman, Charlie
Youakim, on behalf of the Sezzle Board.
Contact details regarding this announcement:
Justin Clyne
Company Secretary
+61 2 9048 8856
jclyne@clynecorporate.com.au
About Sezzle Inc.
Sezzle is a rapidly growing fintech company on a mission to financially empower the next generation. Sezzle’s payment
platform increases the purchasing power for more than 1.4 million Active Consumers by offering interest-free installment
plans at online stores and select in-store locations. Sezzle’s transparent, inclusive, and seamless payment option allows
consumers to take control over the spending, be more responsible, and gain access to financial freedom. When consumers
apply, approval is instant, and their credit scores are not impacted, unless the consumer elects to opt-in to a credit building
feature, called Sezzle Up.
This increase in purchasing power for consumers leads to increased sales and basket sizes for the more than 16,000 Active
Merchants that offer Sezzle.
For more information visit sezzle.com.

Sezzle Inc. (ASX:SZL) | ARBN 633 327 358 | sezzle.com | 251 1st Ave N, Suite 200, Minneapolis, MN 55401

1

For personal use only

Sezzle’s CDIs are issued in reliance on the exemption from registration contained in Regulation S of the US Securities Act of
1933 (Securities Act) for offers of securities which are made outside the US. Accordingly, the CDIs have not been, and will
not be, registered under the Securities Act or the laws of any state or other jurisdiction in the US. As a result of relying on
the Regulation S exemption, the CDIs are ‘restricted securities’ under Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This means that you
are unable to sell the CDIs into the US or to a US person who is not a QIB for the foreseeable future except in very limited
circumstances until after the end of the restricted period, unless the re-sale of the CDIs is registered under the Securities
Act or an exemption is available. To enforce the above transfer restrictions, all CDIs issued bear a FOR Financial Product
designation on the ASX. This designation restricts any CDIs from being sold on ASX to US persons excluding QIBs. However,
you are still able to freely transfer your CDIs on ASX to any person other than a US person who is not a QIB. In addition,
hedging transactions with regard to the CDIs may only be conducted in accordance with the Securities Act.

Sezzle Inc. (ASX:SZL) | ARBN 633 327 358 | sezzle.com | 251 1st Ave N, Suite 200, Minneapolis, MN 55401

2

