For personal use only

9 July 2020
Jon Chow
ASX Compliance Pty Limited
Level 4, North Tower, Rialto
525 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
Dear Jon
RESPONSE TO ASX PRICE QUERY
TYMLEZ Group Limited (‘TYMLEZ or Company’) refers to your letter dated 8 July 2020.
Using the numbering in your letter, we respond to your questions as follows:
1.

No. The Company is not aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced
to the market which, if known by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in the
Company’s securities.

2.

Not applicable given response to question 1.

3.

The Company has made the following announcements in July which may be an explanation for
an increase in the volume and price of Company shares traded:
•

On 1 July 2020 the Company announced that the latest release of TYMLEZ Blockchain
Solution Platform was now live on The Google Cloud Marketplace;

•

On 7 July 2020 the Company announced the appointment of Cornelius G Ryan, as an Energy
Advisor to the Board. Operating in the Middle East, Asia, South Africa and Europe, his core
strengths include his ability to focus on the key principles of client relationships,
development, and growth in shareholder returns. Cornelius has previously served as
Executive Director of Business Development at Kentz Corporation LLC (“Kentz”), where he
helped drive revenues of over $120M. Kentz was later sold in 2014 in excess of $2BN.
Following his appointment to TYMLEZ, Cornelius also purchased TYMLEZ shares on market.
Following the announcement of a new strategic direction of TYMLEZ, with the primary
focus on the marketing and sales of the two marketplaces for energy and telematics,

TYMLEZ was pleased to appoint Cornelius G Ryan to work alongside Magnus Olofsson, to
the Energy Advisory Board

For personal use only

•

On 8 July 2020 the Company announced that Non-Executive Director Daniel O’ Halloran
acquired 1,078,035 TYMLEZ shares on market for over $70,000.

4.

The Company confirms that it is in compliance with Listing Rule 3.1. and that there is no
information that should be given to ASX about its financial condition in accordance with that
rule.

5.

The Company confirms that the responses to the questions above have been authorised
accordingly.

Yours sincerely
Justyn Stedwell
Company Secretary
On behalf of the Board of Directors
TYMLEZ Group Limited

For personal use only

8 July 2020
Mr Justyn Stedwell
Company Secretary
Tymlez Group Limited
Unit 1B, Level 1,
2015 Johnston Street
Fitzroy VIC 3065
By email
Dear Mr Stedwell
Tymlez Group Limited (‘TYM’): Price - Query
ASX refers to the following:
A. The change in the price of TYM’s securities from a low of $0.07 on 1 July 2020 to an intra-day high of $0.175
today.
B. The significant increase in the volume of TYM’s securities traded today.
Request for information
In light of this, ASX asks TYM to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is TYM aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known by
some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is TYM relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please
note that the recent trading in TYM’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may
have ceased to be confidential and therefore TYM may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule
3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to
discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that TYM may have for the recent trading
in its securities?
4. Please confirm that TYM is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that TYM’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of TYM with delegated authority
from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 9.30 AM AEST Thursday, 9 July 2020. You should note that if the information

ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, TYM’s obligation is to disclose the information
‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require TYM to request a trading halt immediately.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsComplianceMelbourne@asx.com.au. It should not be
sent directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm
that it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes” and
an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to request
a trading halt in TYM’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:


the reasons for the trading halt;



how long you want the trading halt to last;



the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;



that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and



any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the commencement
of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further information about
trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in TYM’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to TYM’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that TYM’s obligation
to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the
questions set out in this letter.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to the above, please do not hesitate to contact me.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

Kind regards

Jon Chow
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Melbourne)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

