`

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE // 09.07.2020

Xped Limited
XPED ENTERS INTO TERMINATION AGREEMENT
WITH HEURESY

The directors of XPED Limited (ASX: XPE) (“Xped” or the “Company”) announce that on 7 July 2020
the Company entered into a termination agreement (“Termination Agreement”) with Heuresy LLC
and Heuresy Labs LLC (together referred to as “Heuresy”) to terminate the Technology Development
Agreement (“Development Agreement”) dated 23 May 2018 amongst the parties.
Pursuant to the Termination Agreement, the parties agreed to i) terminate the Development
Agreement and any obligations and claims arising therefrom and ii) the Company shall pay Heuresy
A$360,000 or equivalent to about US$250,000 for terminating the Development Agreement. The
payment of the A$360,000 shall be made as follows: i) A$50,000 at completion, ii) A$200,000 by
the issuance of a Converible Note which is further detailed below and in Appendix A, iii) transfer all
the shares in Xped Holdings Limited which holds certain patents and the ADRC technologies
(“Technologies”) to Heuresy. In addition, the parties shall enter into a technology licensing
agreement granting the Company the right to resell the products developed using the Technologies
and access to the ADRC technology for future development as further detailed below. This
Termination Agreement is expected to complete on 13 July 2020.
Background
As announced on 7 February 2020, the Company was informed by Heuresy LLC that it believes the
Company has certain obligations or may have breached certain terms under the Development
Agreement. As discussed in the Company’s announcement that was lodged with the ASX on 28 May
2018, the Company agreed to developed a new cryptographic Physical Security Token, which is a
hardware security device that provides authentication and encryption. Pursuant to the terms of the
Development Agreement, the Company immediately granted to Heuresy a perpetual, royalty-free,
non-excluisive, worldwide license and right to use and exploit the inventions and technologies,
comprising of the Company’s relevant intellectual property rights. In consideration, Heuresy paid
US$250,000 to the Company shortly after execution of the Agreement.
The Development Agreement also provides that Heuresy would pay an additional U$250,000 upon
completion of the work described in the Scope of Work attached to the Development Agreement.
However as announced on ASX on 30 October 2019, due to the need to conserve funds, the
Company downsized its operations and its Internet of Things Business Unit, which was responsible
for developing the Physical Security Token. As a result, the Company has been unable to complete
the Scope of Work.

XPED.COM

MAKING TECHNOLOGY EASY AGAIN

`

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE // 09.07.2020

Xped Limited

The Development Agreement is governed by the laws of Virgina, USA and provides for arbitration
of any material dispute or alleged breach to be administrered by the American Arbitration
Association.
The Company had partially performed the work and still had certain obligations to complete the
Scope of Works and it became apparent that it would be too costly to complete the development.
Furthermore, if the Company was to become subject to arbitration and other legal action in the
United States, there could be no assurance as to what the outcome would be or the costs (and
management time) to defend such actions. The Termination Agreement crystalize the liability for
the Company to resolve the matter which is the most desirable outcome for the Company given its
current financial position.
A$200,000 Convertible Note
At completion of the Termination Agreement, the Company shall issue to Heuresy a A$200,000
Convertible Note that has the following terms: non-interests bearing, unsecured, convertible at
A$0.001 per share and payable in one year unless earlier converted. The conversion is subject to
Shareholders approving the issuance of the Shares underlying the Notes pursuant to the ASX Listing
Rules (if required). The noteholder has agreed that any converted shares will be restricted for sale
until the first year anniversary date of the issuance of the Convertible Note. Further details of the
Note are set out in Appendix A.
Technology Licensing Agreement
The Technology Licence Agreement between Xped Asia Holdings Limited (“Licensee”) and Heuresy
Labs LLC (“Licensor”) has the following key terms:
 Term. The term of this agreement is for 3 years with automatic renew on an annual basis
unless either party gives 90 days notice of termination prior to the expiry of the then term.
 Reseller Agreement. Licensee shall have the right to purchase from Licensor the applications
and products using the Technologies that are developed by Licensor, which Licensee may
sell and distribute as a reseller, subject to the terms of a further reseller agreement which is
to be negotiated in good faith by the Parties and include commercially reasonable terms that
are typical for such a reseller agreement, provided further that such a reseller agreement
will provide that in no event will Licensee sell or distribute any products in conflict with the
terms of the applicable reseller or distribution agreement. For all Applications and Products
purchased by Licensee from Licensor pursuant to a reseller agreement, Licensee will pay the
lowest amount charged by Licensor for commercial purchases of its similar devices paid by
any other reseller or distributor.
 Grant of Non-Exclusive License by Licensor. Licensor grants to Licensee a perpetual, royaltyfree, non-exclusive, Territory license and right to use and exploit the Technologies to
manufacture, produce, develop, copy, improve, create, modify, use, market, sell, import,
export, distribute, and publicly display. Territory means Australia and New Zealand. Licensor
shall have the right to purchase from Licensee applications and products that are developed

XPED.COM

MAKING TECHNOLOGY EASY AGAIN

`

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE // 09.07.2020

Xped Limited
by Licensee, which Licensor may sell and distribute as a reseller, subject to the terms of a
further reseller agreement which is to be negotiated in good faith by the Parties and include
commercially reasonable terms that are typical for such a reseller agreement, provided
further that as such reseller agreement will provide that in no event will Licensor sell or
distribute any products in conflict with the terms of the applicable reseller or distribution
agreement.

Julie Edwards
Company Secretary
Xped Limited

XPED.COM

MAKING TECHNOLOGY EASY AGAIN

`

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE // 09.07.2020

Xped Limited

Appendix A – Terms and Conditions of the Convertible Note

Subscription to
the Note
Repayment Date
Interests
Security
Voting
Conversion of
Shares
Conversion Price
Voluntary Escrow

AU$200,000 to be subscribed.
12 months from the date of the issuance of the Note.
Non-interest bearing
Unsecured.
The Note shall not provide for any voting rights at Shareholder meetings.
Subject to Shareholders approving the issuance of the Shares underlying the Notes
pursuant to the ASX Listing Rules (if required), the Note shall automatically and without
further action required by any person, convert the Note into Shares of the Company.
A$0.001 per Share.
Heuresy undertakes to enter into an escrow agreement reasonable acceptable to the
Company undertaking not to sell the converted shares for one year from the date of this
Convertible Note.

FOR MORE INFORMATION:

XPED.COM

Contact Xped Limited
ABN 89 122 203 196
Level 6, 412 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000

T 03 9642 0655
F 03 9642 5177
E info@xped.com
www.xped.com

MAKING TECHNOLOGY EASY AGAIN

