Release to the Australian Securities Exchange
Additional ADF SUAS Purchase Order

For personal use only

Thursday 9 July 2020:
XTEK Limited (ASX: XTE) (XTEK, or the Company) is pleased to announce
that it has received a purchase order from the Australian Defence Force (ADF) for the supply of additional
AeroVironment WASP AE Small Unmanned Aerial Systems (SUAS). The order is worth ~A$2.8m and is in
addition to the ongoing SUAS supply contract to the ADF. This order represents XTEK’s strong and continued
relationship with the ADF.
Key highlights
•

Purchase order worth ~A$2.8m received from the ADF for WASP AE SUAS – delivery in FY2021

•

Ongoing supply of spare parts and engineering services to support the ADF SUAS fleet, FY20
revenue worth A$8m

XTEK Managing Director, Philippe Odouard, said
“The supply and maintenance of SUAS remains an
ongoing focus for XTEK. Our SUAS business underpins our increasing revenue, with recurring attributes. In
addition, our facility in Canberra is in full operation providing critical repair and maintenance services to support
the ADF’s growing SUAS fleet. We are the full-service SUAS supplier of choice for the ADF and look forward
to continue servicing our Defence Force.”
XTEK has a strong relationship with the ADF, with more than fifty AeroVironment WASP AE SUAS delivered to
date, and more SUAS scheduled for delivery in the near term. This new ADF purchase order for SUAS WASP
AE SUAS through the support contract is worth A$2.8m.
XTEK’s comprehensive SUAS repair and maintenance facility in Canberra continues to support the ADF’s
growing SUAS fleet. Under the long-term support contract (secured in September 2019), XTEK has delivered
around A$8m in FY20. The current contract expires on 1st July 2022, with multiple options to extend in one year
blocks until 2025. XTEK’s key support services consist of providing spare parts, training, maintenance, and
repairs including installation of spare parts, electronics and composite materials of the SUAS itself.
As the ADF’s SUAS fleet continues to grow, XTEK is well placed to capture additional support revenue
underpinned by the existing contracts with the ADF for additional SUAS supply, spare parts, and maintenance.
Further potential sales are expected as the ADF explores and develops innovative applications to employ SUAS
in the field.
Signed for and on behalf of XTEK Limited:

Lawrence A Gardiner
Company Secretary
9 July 2020
General enquiries:
Philippe Odouard, Managing Director
XTEK Limited
T: +61 2 6163 5507
E: philippe@xtek.net

Media enquiries:
Rod North, Managing Director
Bourse Communications Pty Ltd
T: +613 9510 8309 M: +61 408 670 706
E: rod@boursecommunications.com.au

About XTEK Limited
XTEK Limited provides high-quality products to deliver tailored solutions to the government, law enforcement,
military, space and commercial sectors. XTEK is focused on developing and commercialising its proprietary
technologies by leveraging its established distribution network. These technologies include XTclaveTM produced
ballistic products and advanced composite solutions, and XTatlasTM real time contextual video, which provide
unique solutions for western military forces and other government agencies. In addition, the supply and
maintenance of Small Unmanned Aerial Systems (SUAS) remains a focus for XTEK. For more information visit
the XTEK website at www.xtek.net

