For personal use only

Penny South and Unaly Hill South Aircore
Drilling
Highlights

ASX Announcement
3 July 2020
ASX Code: ARN

Board

• Combined AC program across Penny South and Unaly Hill
South
• Untested targets at Penny South including southern
extension of Penny West Shear
• Targeting two structural trends at Unaly Hill South based on
recent interpretation work
• PoW recently lodged for Unaly Hill South

Rhod Grivas
Non-Executive Chairman
Dr Caedmon Marriott
Managing Director
Joshua Letcher
Non-Executive Director

Capital Structure
Shares:
Options (@22.5c):
Share Price:
Market Cap:
Cash (31/03/20):

52.86m
2.0m
$0.076
$4.02m
$2.50m

Aldoro Resources Limited (“Aldoro” or “Company”) is pleased to update
shareholders on the Company’s gold exploration activities across the
Penny South and Unaly Hill South Projects.
Work is in progress to contract a rig for a combined aircore (AC) program at Penny South and
Unaly Hill South in late July. At Penny South the planned program will target new areas around the
tenement not previously tested by Aldoro’s January AC program and April reverse circulation (RC)
drilling including: the 700m extension of the Penny West Shear to the southern boundary of the
tenement, the northwest continuation trend of the granodiorite-mafic contact delineated by the
January AC program and other targets previously identified by the litho-structural interpretation of
the project area (ASX, Penny South Targets Identified, 27 November 2019).
A Program of Work (PoW) has recently been lodged for drilling at the Unaly Hill South Project.
Interpretation of a recent high-resolution ground magnetic survey at Unaly Hill South has identified
two structural target trends associated with anomalous gold-in-saprolite values recorded in
historic shallow wide spaced RAB drilling over a strike length of approximately 1.25km. The
planned AC program aims to follow up on these results in light of Aldoro’s new geological
interpretation of the area.

Penny South
The combined AC program will target new areas around the Penny South tenement not previously
tested by Aldoro’s January 2020 AC program and April 2020 RC program. Three target areas have
been identified:
1. Potential northwest extension of granodiorite unit and granodiorite-mafic contact
2. Southern extension of Penny West Shear and granodiorite
3. Magnetic low feature along Youanmi Shear greenstone-granite contact, possible
demagnetised zone similar to Youanmi

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only

Figure 1: Penny South Further AC Targets

Unaly Hill South
The Unaly Hill South Project is located 16km northeast of the Youanmi Gold Mine (ASX:RXL and
VMC) and sits on the continuation of the major regional Youanmi Shear Zone. The tenement area
(E57/1048) straddles an interesting structural juncture between the Youanmi Shear and the
Yuinmery Shear. This intersection of two major shears has long been “considered conceptually
favourable of the development of dilation structures for possible gold mineralisation”1 but limited
gold exploration has been conducted across the tenement since the late 1990’s.
The project covers the southern tip of the Atley Igneous Complex and the northern extension of
the Youanmi-Yuinmery Greenstone Belt. The area is overlain by cover and sheet wash, with
essentially no outcrop, making the use of techniques such as soil geochemistry diﬃcult.
1. Meteoric Resources, Four Corners Annual Report, 2011

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only

Figure 2: Unaly Hill South Location Map

Aldoro has recently completed a high-resolution ground magnetic survey over a large portion of
the tenement area and compiled a drill hole database of historic drilling and logging, providing
lithological information. The majority of the historic drilling was completed during the 1990’s,
consisting of shallow, widely spaced (200m x 100m) vertical RAB drilling. Two potential dilational
structures or jogs are observed from the magnetic survey and structural interpretation, one of
which corresponds to an area of anomalous gold values whilst the second is largely untested.
Aldoro’s work has produced a new geological interpretation of the tenement area and highlights
that historic anomalous gold results are largely confined to a northeast trending talc-chlorite
schist unit situated between two sheared granodiorite units. The planned AC drilling program aims
to test these structural targets looking for the surface expression of small high-grade shoots
similar to other deposits along the Youanmi Shear Zone such as Penny West and North.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only

Figure 3: Unaly Hill South Ground Magnetics RTP 1VD

Work is currently in progress to contract an AC rig for the program in order to commence once the
Unaly Hill South PoW has been granted.
The Company looks forward to updating shareholders on these future plans in due course.
This Announcement has been approved for release by:
Caedmon Marriott
Managing Director

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only
Figure 4: Geological Interpretation of Unaly Hill South

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

About Aldoro Resources

For personal use only

Aldoro Resources Ltd is an ASX-listed (ASX:ARN) mineral exploration and development company.
Aldoro has a collection of gold and nickel focussed advanced exploration projects all located in
Western Australia. The company’s flagship gold project is the Penny South Gold Project, which is
contiguous to Spectrum Metals (ASX:SPX) Penny West Project in the Youanmi Gold Mining
District, in the Murchison Region of WA. Aldoro is also currently exploring the Cathedrals Belt
Nickel Project and has a significant tenement holding surround St George Mining’s (ASX:SGQ) Mt
Alexander Project. The company’s other projects include the Narndee Igneous Complex (Ni-CuPGM), Unaly Hill South (Au), Kiabye Well (Au), Leinster Nickel Project (Ni), Windimurra Igneous
Complex (Ni-Cu-PGM, Li) and Ryans Find (Ni-Cu-PGM).

Competent Persons Statement
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results and other technical
information complies with the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code) and has been compiled and assessed
under the supervision of Dr Caedmon Marriott, Managing Director of Aldoro Resources Ltd.
Caedmon is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. He has suﬃcient
experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration
and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the JORC Code. Caedmon consents to the inclusion in this announcement of the
matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

Disclaimer
Some of the statements appearing in this announcement may be in the nature of forward looking
statements. You should be aware that such statements are only predictions and are subject to
inherent risks and uncertainties. Those risks and uncertainties include factors and risks specific to
the industries in which Aldoro operates and proposes to operate as well as general economic
conditions, prevailing exchange rates and interest rates and conditions in the financial markets,
among other things. Actual events or results may diﬀer materially from the events or results
expressed or implied in any forward looking statement. No forward looking statement is a
guarantee or representation as to future performance or any other future matters, which will be
influenced by a number of factors and subject to various uncertainties and contingencies, many of
which will be outside Aldoro’s control.
Aldoro does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or release any revisions to these
forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today's date or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as
to the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information, opinions or conclusions
contained in this announcement. To the maximum extent permitted by law, none of Aldoro, its
Directors, employees, advisors or agents, nor any other person, accepts any liability for any loss
arising from the use of the information contained in this announcement. You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on any forward looking statement. The forward looking statements in this
announcement reflect views held only as at the date of this announcement.
This announcement is not an oﬀer, invitation or recommendation to subscribe for, or purchase
securities by Aldoro. Nor does this announcement constitute investment or financial product
advice (nor tax, accounting or legal advice) and is not intended to be used for the basis of making
an investment decision. Investors should obtain their own advice before making any investment
decision.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

Unaly Hill South Ground Magnetic Survey

For personal use only

JORC Code, 2012 Edition - Table 1
Section 1: Sampling Techniques and Data
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut channels, random • Ground magnetic survey undertaken using
chips, or specific specialised industry standard
industry standard processes and equipment
measurement tools appropriate to the minerals under • Historic sampling at Unaly Hill South included
investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or
soil geochemical sampling and rotary air blast
handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should
(RAB) drilling using industry standard techniques
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
at the time
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample
representivity and the appropriate calibration of any
measurement tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are
Material to the Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done
this would be relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation
drilling was used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg
was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’).
In other cases more explanation may be required, such
as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or mineralisation types
(eg submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of
detailed information.

Drilling
techniques

• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole • Shallow RAB drilling
hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and • Historical records on the drill details are limited
details (eg core diameter, triple or standard tube, depth
with RAB drilling for gold by previous explorers
of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other type,
using best practise at that time
whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc).

Drill sample
recovery

• Method of recording and assessing core and chip • No records available regarding historic sample
sample recoveries and results assessed.
recovery
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and • No records available
ensure representative nature of the samples.
• Insuﬃcient information available
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery
and grade and whether sample bias may have occurred
due to preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material.

Logging

• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically • Geological logging was completed and is
and geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support
available in hard copy format suitable for first
appropriate Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies
pass exploration
and metallurgical studies.
• Logging is qualitative in nature
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature.
Core (or costean, channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant
intersections logged.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

For personal use only

• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or
all core taken.
• If non-core, whether riﬄed, tube sampled, rotary split,
etc and whether sampled wet or dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation technique.
Sub-sampling
techniques and • Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling
sample
stages to maximise representivity of samples.
preparation
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is
representative of the in-situ material collected, including
for instance results for field duplicate/second-half
sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of
the material being sampled.

Commentary
• NA
• RAB samples were composited from individual
1m samples into 4m composites
• Sample preparation considered suitable as a first
pass exploration program to indicate zones for
further testing
• QAQC protocol are unknown
• No information regarding homogenisation
available

• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying • Ground magnetic survey undertaken by Nomad
and laboratory procedures used and whether the
Exploration Pty Ltd using a GEM Systems
technique is considered partial or total.
GSM-19WV Overhauser walking magnetometer
a n d a G E M S y s t e m s G S M - 1 9 T P ro t o n
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF
magnetometer as a base station to record and
instruments, etc, the parameters used in determining the
Quality of assay
c o r r e c t f o r d i u r n a l v a r i a t i o n . Wa l k i n g
analysis including instrument make and model, reading
data and
magnetometer readings were collected at 1
times, calibrations factors applied and their derivation,
laboratory tests
second intervals whilst base station readings
etc.
were taken at 20 second intervals
Nature
of
quality
control
procedures
adopted
(eg
•
standards, blanks, duplicates, external laboratory • Historic QAQC and sampling protocols are
unknown
checks) and whether acceptable levels of accuracy (i.e.
lack of bias) and precision have been established.

Verification of
sampling and
assaying

Location of
data points

• The verification of significant intersections by either
independent or alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures,
data verification, data storage (physical and electronic)
protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

• Ground magnetic survey data collected on site
and validated by geophysical technician daily.
Raw data sent to consultant geophysicist for
review, quality control and processing
• All data stored in electronic format
• No twin hole were drilled
• Historic data primarily stored in hardcopy format
• Not known whether any adjustments were made
to historic assay data

• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes • Walking magnetometer used inbuilt GPS unit
(collar and down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings
with accuracy of +/-0.6m
and other locations used in Mineral Resource estimation. • Coordinates are in GDA94 Zone 50
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Accuracy and precision of historic drill holes is
unknown
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
• No detailed documentation regarding accuracy
of topographic control

• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Ground magnetic survey lines in E-W orientation
with 50m spacing between lines
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is suﬃcient to
Data spacing
establish the degree of geological and grade continuity • Historic RAB drill holes approximately 200m x
and distribution
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
100m spacing
estimation procedure(s) and classifications applied.
• Not applicable as first pass exploration drilling
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only

Criteria

Orientation of
data in relation
to geological
structure

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased • G r o u n d m a g n e t i c s u r v e y o r i e n t a t i o n
sampling of possible structures and the extent to which
approximately orthogonal to possible structure
this is known, considering the deposit type.
• Historic RAB drill holes were vertical
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the
orientation of key mineralised structures is considered to
have introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material.

Sample
security

• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

Audits or
reviews

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling • Ground magnetic data reviewed by independent
techniques and data.
consultant

• No records available

Section 2: Reporting of Exploration Results
Criteria

Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership
including agreements or material issues with third
parties such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding
royalties, native title interests, historical sites, wilderness
or national park and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting
along with any known impediments to obtaining a
licence to operate in the area.

• Tenement E57/1048 (4 graticular blocks)
• Held by Altilium Metals Pty Ltd, 100% owned
subsidiary of Aldoro Resources Limited
• GSR to original tenement holder
• There are no Native Title interests associated with
the tenement and no known historical or
environmentally sensitive areas within the
tenement area
• Tenement is in good standing

Exploration
done by other
parties

undertook gold
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other • Battle Mountain Australia
parties.
exploration in the Unaly area in 1995-1998 with
soil sampling and vertical RAB drilling. They
identified a number of anomalous regolith
prospects at 48000, Quebec and Alberta, but did
not test these regolith anomalies at depth with
RC drilling

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting and style of • The Unaly Hill South Project is located at the
mineralisation.
southern end of the Atley Igneous Complex,
made up of layered mafic and ultramafic rocks.
To the east of the Atley Complex is a sequence pf
greenstone rocks, the north portion of the
Youanmi-Yunmery Greenstone Belt, consisting of
metamorphosed and sheared mafic rocks,
intrusive and extrusive felsic rocks and minor BIF

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Data
aggregation
methods

• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging • NA
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade
truncations (eg cutting of high grades) and cut-oﬀ
grades are usually Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of
high grade results and longer lengths of low grade
results, the procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal
equivalent values should be clearly stated.

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths

• These relationships are particularly important in the • NA
reporting of Exploration Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the
drill hole angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a clear statement to this eﬀect
(eg ‘down hole length, true width not known’).

Diagrams

• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and • Image of RTP 1VD presented in the body of text
tabulations of intercepts should be included for any
significant discovery being reported. These should
include, but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole
collar locations and appropriate sectional views.

Balanced
reporting

• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration • NA
Results is not practicable, representative reporting of
both low and high grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of Exploration
Results.

Other
substantive
exploration
data

• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, • NA
should be reported including (but not limited to):
geological observations; geophysical survey results;
geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk
d e n s i t y, g ro u n d w a t e r, g e o t e c h n i c a l a n d ro c k
characteristics; potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.

For personal use only

Drill hole
information

• A summary of all information material to the • Historic drilling by previous explorers used best
understanding of the exploration results including a
practice for that time.
tabulation of the following information for all Material drill • The use of any data is recommended for
holes:
indicative purposes only in terms of potential
gold mineralisation and for developing
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar
exploration targets.
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea
level in metres) of the drill hole collar
• dip and azimuth of the hole
• down hole length and interception depth hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the
basis that the information is not Material and this
exclusion does not detract from the understanding of
the report, the Competent Person should clearly explain
why this is the case.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

For personal use only

Criteria

Further work

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests • Planned exploration will include aircore drilling
for lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale • Exploration is at an early stage and future drilling
step-out drilling).
areas will depend on interpretation of future
results
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible
extensions, including the main geological interpretations
and future drilling areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.

E: contact@aldororesources.com

www.aldororesources.com

T: +61 475 116 798

