3 July 2020

For personal use only

ASX Listings Compliance
Level 40, Central Park
152-158 St Georges Tce
Perth WA 6000
Attention: Stephanie Patchell
By email: ListingsCompliancePerth@asx.com.au
Dear Stephanie,
RESPONSE TO ASX PRICE QUERY
We refer to your letter dated 3 July 2020 regarding today’s increase in price of Avira Resources
Limited (ASX: AVW) (Avira or Company) securities. In response Avira advises the following:
1. The Company is not aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced
to the market which, if known by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its
securities.
2. a. Not applicable
b. Not applicable
c. Not applicable
3. No, the Company is not aware of any other explanation for the price change in the
Company’s securities. However, the Company had completed its General Meeting of
Shareholders today in which all resolutions were passed.
4. The Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules, in particular listing rule 3.1.
5. The Company’s responses in this letter have been authorised and approved in accordance
with its published continuous disclosure policy.

ENDS
For, and on behalf of, the Board of the Company, and authorised for release
David Deloub
Executive Director
Avira Resources Limited
Shareholders and other interested parties can speak to Mr Sonu Cheema if they have any queries
in relation to this announcement: +618 6489 1600.

Avira Resources Limited
Suite 9, Level 2, 330 Churchill Avenue Subiaco WA 6008 Australia
T: 61 8 6489 1600 F: 61 8 6489 1601 www.aviraresourcesltd.com.au
ABN: 38 131 715 645

For personal use only

3 July 2020
Reference: 20131
Mr Sonu Cheema
Company Secretary
Avira Resources Limited
By email: s.cheema@cicerogroup.com.au
Dear Mr Cheema
Avira Resources Limited (‘AVW’): Price Query
We note the change in the price of AVW’s securities from a low of $0.003 as at the close of trade yesterday, 2
July 2020 to an intraday high of $0.005 today, 3 July 2020, representing a 66.67% increase, and the increase in
the volume of AVW’s securities traded today.
Request for Information
In light of this, ASX asks AVW to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is AVW aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known
by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is AVW relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1?
Please note that the recent trading in AVW’s securities would suggest to ASX that such
information may have ceased to be confidential and therefore AVW may no longer be able to rely
on Listing Rule 3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us
immediately to discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that AVW may have for the recent trading
in its securities?
4. Please confirm that AVW is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that AVW’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of AVW with delegated
authority from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 1.00 pm AWST today Friday, 3 July 2020. If we do not have your response by then,
ASX will likely suspend trading in AVW’s securities under Listing Rule 17.3. You should note that if the
information requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it
does not fall within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, AVW’s obligation is to disclose the

ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

information “immediately”. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the
previous paragraph.
ASX reserves the right to release a copy of this letter and your response on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform under Listing Rule 18.7A. Accordingly, your response should be in a form suitable for release to the
market. Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsCompliancePerth@asx.com.au. It should not
be sent directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to
confirm that it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market
Announcements Platform.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
Listing Rule 3.1 requires a listed entity to give ASX immediately any information concerning it that a reasonable
person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the entity’s securities. Exceptions to this
requirement are set out in Listing Rule 3.1A. In responding to this letter, you should have regard to AVW’s
obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules
3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that AVW’s obligation to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not
confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the questions set out in this letter.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes”
and an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to
request a trading halt in AVW’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:


the reasons for the trading halt;



how long you want the trading halt to last;



the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;



that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and



any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We may require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted.
You can find further information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary
Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above ASX will likely suspend trading in AVW’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under listing rule 18.7A.
Enquiries
If you have any queries or concerns about any of the above, please contact me immediately.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

Yours sincerely

Stephanie Patchell
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Perth)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

