ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

For personal use only

3 July 2020
Cann Group secures $1.975 million grant under
Victorian Government Regional Jobs Fund
3 July 2020 – Cann Group Limited (ASX:CAN) has been awarded a grant for up to $1.975 million
under the Regional Jobs Fund established by the Victorian Government. The grant has been
confirmed by Minister for Agriculture and Regional Development Jaclyn Symes.
The grant will assist with the funding of electricity upgrades at the site of Cann Group’s
planned state-of-the-art cultivation facility near Mildura in regional Victoria. Development of
the Mildura facility has the potential to generate 150 new permanent jobs.
Mildura was chosen as a suitable site for the establishment of the cannabis cultivation and
processing facility due to the region’s agricultural and horticulture heritage and because of
the local climate, specifically, the days of sunshine and high light intensity which are
conducive to cultivating cannabis crops.
Cann Group CEO Peter Crock welcomed the grant, saying the support of the Victorian
Government is critical in developing the State’s leadership position in the emerging Australian
medicinal cannabis industry.
“Our plans to develop commercial scale production capacity at Mildura are central to the
Company’s strategy of being a fully integrated medicinal cannabis company that can service
both Australian domestic patients and access valuable overseas markets.
“This grant is a tangible demonstration of support from the Victorian Government in terms of
our objectives.”
Authorised for release by Geraldine Farrell, Company Secretary, Cann Group Limited.
For further information please contact:
Peter Crock
Clive Fanning
CEO
Head of Investor Relations
Cann Group Limited
Cann Group Limited
+61 498 000 762
+61 3 9095 7088
clive.fanning@canngrouplimited.com
contact@canngrouplimited.com

Matthew Wright
NWR Communications
+61 451 896 420
matt@nwrcommunications.com.au

About Cann Group
Cann Group Limited (ABN 25 603 949 739) is building a world-class business focused on breeding, cultivating, manufacturing
and supplying medicinal cannabis for sale and use within Australia and for approved overseas export markets. The company
has established research and cultivation facilities in Melbourne and is developing a state-of-the-art cultivation facility near
Mildura, Victoria. Cann Group has executed collaboration agreements that have enabled it to establish a leading position in
plant genetics, breeding, extraction, analysis and production techniques required to facilitate the supply of medicinal
cannabis for a range of diseases and medical conditions. The Company is commercialising a range of imported and locally
sourced and manufactured medicinal cannabis products. Learn more about Cann Group at www.canngrouplimited.com

Cann Group Limited
ACN 603 949 739
4 Research Avenue, Bundoora, VIC 3083 Australia
Ph: +61 3 9095 7088

