For personal use only

03 July 2020

ASX Release

Enevis focuses on Core Operations with Divestment of Lighting Business

Enevis Limited (ASX: ENE) announces that it has entered into a binding agreement for the sale of 100% of
its lighting business, SKS Lighting, to Verbatim Australia Pty Ltd for total consideration of $0.865 million,
subject to stock movements at completion.
The structure of the sale is an asset purchase arrangement where the business is purchased via the sale of
the stock and goodwill, including intellectual property, upon settlement. The sale also includes the use of
the SKS Lighting brand for a maximum period of 6 months after completion.
The sale is expected to be completed by 31 July 2020.
The divestment is consistent with the Board’s strategic review of operations and consequent decision to
focus the business on its core product and services offering within the Audio Visual, Electrical and
Communications sector. The proceeds from the sale will be reinvested into the ongoing operations to
improve the longer-term profitability of the company.
Executive Chairman and Managing Director, Mr Peter Jinks, said “The sale of SKS Lighting is consistent with
the board’s strategy to focus Enevis on its core operations where it can best leverage the skills, expertise
and relationships of its key management personnel to attract and build opportunities and earnings. This
transaction completes the Boards decision to substantially change the direction of the Company and
entirely exit the lighting distribution and manufacturing sector.”
In FY20, the remaining business, SKS Technologies post the Street division divestment, contributed
approximately 90% of total revenue. The business continues to enjoy substantial repeat business from
existing customers. The business is also further expanding and converting on its service and maintenance
opportunities.

~ ENDS ~

Further Information:
Peter Jinks
Enevis Limited, Chairman & Managing Director
Phone 03 9289 5020
About Enevis Limited (ENE)
Enevis delivers energy efficient technology solutions through the creative design and delivery of Audio
visual, Communications and Electrical solutions to the commercial, industrial and retail markets nationally.

1

