For personal use only

EOS in contract negotiations with Commonwealth Government
Canberra, 3 July 2020
Electro Optic Systems Holdings Limited (“EOS” or “Company”) (ASX: EOS) has entered into
contract negotiations with the Commonwealth of Australia for the acquisition of 251 Remote
Weapon Stations and related materiel.
A joint statement relating to this contract by the Prime Minister Scott Morrison, Minister for
Defence Linda Reynolds and Minister for Defence Industry Melissa Price can be found at:
https://www.pm.gov.au/media/new-weapons-boost-army-capability-and-secure-jobs
The acquisition activity is part of the $270 billion capability upgrade for the Australian Defence
Force, under the new 2020 Force Structure Plan.
The execution of a formal agreement with the Commonwealth of Australia is subject to
negotiation and may be subject to certain conditions. EOS will provide further details when
negotiations are completed and a contract has been executed.
The acquisition will not interfere with any existing export orders because those have been
deferred by customers for up to 12 months and will remain in backlog for later delivery.

This announcement has been authorised for release to the ASX by Dr Ben Greene, Director.
Further information:
Dr Ben Greene
Group CEO
+61 414 365 658

ABOUT ELECTRO OPTIC SYSTEMS (ASX: EOS; OTC: EOPSY)

For personal use only

EOS operates in three sectors: Defence, Space and Communications
•

EOS Defence Systems specialises in technology for weapon systems
optimisation and integration, as well as ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance and
Reconnaissance) for land warfare. Its key products are next-generation vehicle
turrets and remote weapon systems.

•

EOS Space Systems specialises in applying EOS-developed optical sensors to
detect, track, classify and characterise objects in space. This information has
both military and commercial applications, including managing space assets to
avoid collisions with space debris, missile defence and space control.

•

EOS Communication Systems provides global satellite communications
services and systems. It specialises in innovative optical, microwave and onthe-move radio and satellite products that help to deliver high speed, resilient
and assured telecommunications anywhere in the world.

This announcement contains certain "forward-looking statements" including statements regarding EOS'
intent, belief or current expectations with respect to EOS' business and operations, market conditions,
results of operations, financial condition, and risk management practices. The words "likely", "expect",
"aim", "should", "could", "may", "anticipate", "predict", "believe", "plan" and other similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings,
financial position and performance, establishment costs and capital requirements are also forwardlooking statements. Forward-looking statements including projections, guidance on future earnings and
estimates are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied upon as an indication or
guarantee of future performance. This announcement contains such statements that are subject to risk
factors associated with an investment in EOS. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions and other important factors that could cause the actual results,
performances or achievements of EOS to be materially different from future results, performances or
achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date of this announcement.

Page 2 of 2

