ASX Release

For personal use only

Level 17, 56 Pitt St,
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia

T 02 8031 9900
infigenenergy.com

Infigen Energy Ltd
ABN 39 105 051 616
Infigen Energy Trust
ARSN 116 244 118

3 July 2020

Infigen Board unanimously recommends investors REJECT the Takeover
Offer from UAC.
Infigen (ASX: IFN) today releases its First Supplementary Target’s Statement (the
Statement) in respect of the off market takeover offer from UAC Energy Holdings Pty
Limited (UAC) at 86 cents per Infigen Stapled Security (Stapled Security). A copy of the
Statement is attached to this announcement.
The Statement sets out the Infigen Board’s reasons for unanimously recommending that
Security Holders REJECT the revised UAC offer (UAC Offer). To REJECT the UAC Offer you
should ignore any documents sent to you by UAC.
In making this recommendation, the Board notes that Security Holders have received a
superior proposal from Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty Limited (Iberdrola). The
Iberdrola offer is at 89 cents per Stapled Security, a 3.5% premium to the UAC Offer. Infigen’s
Target’s Statement in respect of the Iberdrola takeover offer, which will also be released to
the market today, provides details regarding the reasons for the Infigen Board’s
recommendation that Security Holders accept the Iberdrola offer.

Infigen Security Holder information line
If Infigen Security Holders have any questions, please call the Infigen Security Holder
helpline on 1300 540 303 (within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (outside Australia) between
9am and 5pm Mondays to Fridays.

Ends
This announcement was authorised by: Len Gill, Chairman of the Board.
Infigen’s legal adviser is Gilbert + Tobin and its financial advisers are Lazard Pty Limited and
Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd.
For further information please contact:
Peter Campbell
General Manager, Investor Relations
Peter.Campbell@InfigenEnergy.com
+61 403 936 030

infigenenergy.com | 1

About Infigen

For personal use only

Infigen is leading Australia to a clean future, today. Our strategy is to provide Australian
businesses with firm supplies of reliable and competitively priced clean energy.
We generate renewable energy from our fleet of owned wind farms. We also source
renewable energy from our portfolio of contracted assets. We manage intermittency risk
with our fast start assets, enabling us to provide our customers with firm prices and firm
volumes for renewable energy.
For more information, please visit: www.infigenenergy.com

infigenenergy.com | 2

Partners
Our ref

John Williamson-Noble | Tim Gordon
T + 61 2 9263 4030 | T +61 2 9263 4251
JWilliamson-Noble@gtlaw.com.au | TGordon@gtlaw.com.au
JWN:TXG:1042989
L 35, Tower Two, International Towers Sydney
200 Barangaroo Avenue,
Barangaroo NSW 2000 AUS
T +61 2 9263 4000 F +61 2 9263 4111
www.gtlaw.com.au

For personal use only

3 July 2020
By electronic lodgement
Company Announcements
ASX Limited
Exchange Centre
20 Bridge Street
Sydney NSW 2000

Dear Sir/Madam
Takeover bid by UAC Energy Holdings Pty Ltd for Infigen Energy Limited and Infigen Energy
Trust (ASX: IFN): First Supplementary Target’s Statement
We act for Infigen Energy Limited ACN 105 051 616 (IEL) and Infigen Energy RE Limited ACN 113
813 997 (IERL) as responsible entity of the Infigen Energy Trust ARSN 116 244 118 (IET) (ASX:IFN)
(together, Infigen) in relation to an off-market takeover bid by UAC Energy Holdings Pty Ltd ACN 640
077 747 (UAC) under Chapter 6 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) for all the
stapled securities in IEL and IET.
We attach for release to the Australia Securities Exchange, in accordance with section 647(3)(b) of the
Corporations Act, a copy of Infigen’s first supplementary target’s statement dated 3 July 2020 (First
Supplementary Target’s Statement).
A copy of the First Supplementary Target’s Statement has been sent to UAC and lodged with the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Infigen will send the First Supplementary Target’s
Statement to each holder of IEL and IET stapled securities on the register at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on
10 June 2020, being the date set by UAC under subsection 633(2) of the Corporations Act pursuant to
the notice sent by UAC to Infigen on 9 June 2020.
This release has been authorised by the board of directors of IEL and the board of directors of IERL as
responsible entity for IET.
Yours faithfully
Gilbert + Tobin

John Williamson-Noble
Partner
Gilbert + Tobin

Tim Gordon
Partner
Gilbert +Tobin

+61 2 9263 4030
+61 411 368 959
JWilliamson-Noble@gtlaw.com.au

+ 61 2 9263 4251
+61 401 476 167
TGordon@gtlaw.com.au

3462-4416-4112 v1

For personal use only

First Supplementary
Target’s Statement
relating to the UAC Offer

Infigen Energy Limited (ABN 39 105 051 616) (IEL) and Infigen Energy RE Limited (ABN 61 113 813 997) (IERL) in its
capacity as responsible entity for the Infigen Energy Trust (ARSN 116 244 118) (IET).

THIS IS AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
If you are in any doubt about what to do, you should contact your broker or your legal, financial or other professional
adviser as soon as possible.
This First Supplementary Target’s Statement is issued in response to the off-market takeover bid made by UAC Energy
Holdings Pty Ltd (ABN 32 640 077 747) (UAC) to purchase all of the Infigen Stapled Securities it does not already hold.
THE INFIGEN DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU

REJECT
THE REVISED UAC OFFER

BY TAKING NO ACTION

Infigen Security Holders can call the Infigen Security Holder Information Line on 1300 540 303 (for calls made from
within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (for calls made from outside Australia) on Monday to Friday between 9:00 am and
5:00 pm (Sydney, Australia time) if they require assistance.
Financial Advisers

Legal Adviser

infigenenergy.com | 0

For personal use only

First Supplementary Target’s Statement
relating to the UAC Offer
The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security
Holders REJECT the Revised UAC Offer by TAKING NO ACTION.
1.

Important information

This document is a supplementary target's statement under section 644 of the Corporations Act 2001
(Cth). It is the first supplementary target’s statement (First Supplementary Target’s Statement)
issued by Infigen Energy Limited (ABN 39 105 051 616) and Infigen Energy RE Limited (ABN 61 113
813 997) in its capacity as responsible entity for the Infigen Energy Trust (ARSN 116 244 118) in relation
to the off-market takeover bid by UAC Energy Holdings Pty Ltd (ABN 32 640 077 747) for all the Infigen
Stapled Securities it does not already hold on the terms set out in its bidder’s statement dated 9 June
2020 (UAC Bidder’s Statement), as supplemented by UAC’s first supplementary bidder’s statement
dated 25 June 2020 (UAC First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement) and UAC’s second
supplementary bidder’s statement dated 29 June 2020 (UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s
Statement).
This First Supplementary Target’s Statement supplements, and should be read together with, Infigen’s
target's statement dated and lodged with ASIC on 23 June 2020 (Original Target's Statement). Unless
the context otherwise requires, terms defined in the Original Target's Statement have the same meaning
when used in this First Supplementary Target's Statement. If there is any inconsistency between the
Original Target's Statement and this First Supplementary Target's Statement, this First Supplementary
Target's Statement will prevail to the extent of the inconsistency.
This First Supplementary Target's Statement is dated 3 July 2020 and was lodged with ASIC and
released to the ASX on that date. None of ASIC, the ASX or any of their respective officers take any
responsibility for the content of this First Supplementary Target’s Statement.
This First Supplementary Target’s Statement is an important document and requires your immediate
attention. Please consult your legal, financial or other professional adviser as soon as possible if you do
not fully understand the contents of this First Supplementary Target's Statement.

2.

Summaries of Revised UAC Offer and Revised Iberdrola Offer

2.1

Revised UAC Offer

On Monday, 29 June 2020, UAC provided to Infigen and released to the ASX:
 a notice given under section 650F of the Corporations Act declaring the UAC Offer free from all
Defeating Conditions that had not already been satisfied or waived;
 a notice given under section 650D of the Corporations Act 1 increasing the UAC Offer Price to
$0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security; and
 a copy of the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement, which set out the terms of, and
other information about, the “Revised UAC Offer” (which is defined below).

1

As modified by ASIC Class Order [CO 13/521].

infigenenergy.com | 1

The effect of these notices is that the UAC Offer has been varied such that:
 the UAC Offer is now unconditional; and
 the UAC Offer Price has been increased from $0.80 to $0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security

For personal use only

(Revised UAC Offer Price),
(the Revised UAC Offer).
2.2

Revised Iberdrola Offer

On Monday, 29 June 2020, Iberdrola Australia informed Infigen and announced to the ASX that Iberdrola
Australia would increase the Iberdrola Offer Price from $0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security to $0.89 per
Infigen Stapled Security (Revised Iberdrola Offer Price). On Tuesday, 30 June 2020, Iberdrola
Australia provided to Infigen and released to the ASX:
 a notice given under section 650D of the Corporations Act 2 giving effect to the increase of the
Iberdrola Offer Price;
 a notice given under section 650F of the Corporations Act declaring the Iberdrola Offer free from
all defeating conditions that had not already been satisfied or waived, other than the Iberdrola
Minimum Acceptance Condition and the condition in section 9.7(b) of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement relating to FIRB approval (Iberdrola FIRB Condition); and
 a copy of Iberdrola’s first supplementary bidder’s statement in respect of the Iberdrola Offer,
which was dated 30 June 2020 and set out the terms of, and other information about, the
Iberdrola Offer, as amended by the notices described above (Revised Iberdrola Offer)
(Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement).

3.

Infigen Directors’ recommendation

The Infigen Directors have carefully considered their recommendation to Infigen Security Holders in
respect of the Revised UAC Offer having regard to the developments that have occurred since the date
of the Original Target’s Statement (summarised in Section 2 above) and the information in the UAC
Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement and the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.
The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders REJECT the Revised UAC
Offer. To REJECT the Revised UAC Offer, you should ignore any documents sent to you by UAC and
take no action in respect of the Revised UAC Offer.
The reasons for the Infigen Directors’ recommendation are set out in Section 4 below.

4.

Reasons why you should REJECT the Revised UAC Offer

4.1

Infigen has received the Revised Iberdrola Offer, which the Infigen Directors believe is
superior to the Revised UAC Offer

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders REJECT the Revised UAC
Offer because Infigen has received the Revised Iberdrola Offer, which:

2

As modified by ASIC Class Order [CO 13/521].

infigenenergy.com | 2

For personal use only

(a)

offers $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security, compared to $0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security under
the Revised UAC Offer; and

(b)

the Infigen Directors believe is superior to the Revised UAC Offer.

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders accept the Revised
Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal. Each Infigen Director intends to accept, or
procure acceptance of, the Revised Iberdrola Offer in respect of all Infigen Stapled Securities they own
or control, or otherwise have a Relevant Interest in, in the absence of a Superior Proposal.
Further information about the Revised Iberdrola Offer and the reasons for the Infigen Directors’
recommendation in respect of that offer will be set out in the Iberdrola Offer Target’s Statement, a copy
of which will be released to the ASX and will then be available on Infigen’s website
(www.infigenenergy.com) and sent to Infigen Security Holders.
If you accept the Revised UAC Offer, you will not be able to accept the Revised Iberdrola Offer.
The three key reasons why the Infigen Directors believe that the Revised Iberdrola Offer is superior to
the Revised UAC Offer are:
(a) The Revised Iberdrola Offer offers Infigen Security Holders a higher price for their Infigen
Stapled Securities than the Revised UAC Offer.
The Revised Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89:
(i)

offers Infigen Security Holders a higher price per Infigen Stapled Security than the Revised
UAC Offer Price of $0.86; and

(ii)

represents a 3.5% premium to the Revised UAC Offer Price.

(b) Although the Revised UAC Offer has been declared unconditional, the Revised Iberdrola
Offer is now subject to only two Defeating Conditions, which the Infigen Directors believe
are capable of satisfaction during the Iberdrola Offer Period.
As described in Section 2, UAC has declared the Revised UAC Offer to be unconditional.
Accordingly, if an Infigen Security Holder accepts the Revised UAC Offer, that Infigen Security
Holder will receive the Revised UAC Offer Price of $0.86 for each Infigen Stapled Security in respect
of which they accept the Revised UAC Offer.
However, as also described in Section 2, the Revised Iberdrola Offer is now subject to only two
defeating conditions, being:
(i)

the Iberdrola FIRB Condition; and

(ii)

the Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance Condition,

(Iberdrola Defeating Conditions).
The Infigen Directors believe that these two Iberdrola Defeating Conditions are capable of
satisfaction during the Iberdrola Offer Period.
In this regard, the Infigen Directors note that:
(i)

Regarding the Iberdrola FIRB Condition: they have no reason to believe that FIRB
approval for the Revised Iberdrola Offer will not be obtained on the basis that, amongst

infigenenergy.com | 3

For personal use only

other reasons, Iberdrola Australia is a wholly owned subsidiary of a listed Spanish utility,
Iberdrola, which is regarded as a world leader in renewable energy and has an existing
presence in the Australian energy market via its Port Augusta Project in South Australia.
The fact that:
(A)

Iberdrola Australia stated in section 2.1 of the Iberdrola First Supplementary
Bidder’s Statement that “Iberdrola Australia is pleased with the progress FIRB
has made in processing its application for approval and is very confident of
receiving approval in a timely manner”; and

(B)

UAC has received FIRB approval in connection with the UAC Offer,

provide further support for this belief; and
(ii)

Regarding the Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance Condition: the Pre-Bid Agreement
between TCI Funds and Iberdrola Australia, in addition to the Infigen Directors’ decision to
recommend the Revised Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal, provides
the Infigen Directors with a reasonable basis to consider that the Iberdrola Minimum
Acceptance Condition is likely to be satisfied during the Iberdrola Offer Period, unless a
Superior Proposal emerges.

(c) The Infigen Directors believe that completion of the Revised Iberdrola Offer is sufficiently
certain such that the timing and certainty benefits of the Revised UAC Offer are outweighed
by the higher price offered under the Revised Iberdrola Offer.
The Infigen Directors acknowledge that the Revised UAC Offer has benefits compared to the
Revised Iberdrola Offer in terms of the timing of payment of the Offer Consideration to Infigen
Security Holders who accept the Revised UAC Offer (see Section 5.2 below) and certainty of
completion (on the basis that it has been declared unconditional and UAC has confirmed that it has
sufficient funding in place to complete the Revised UAC Offer and, if it is necessary, to provide
Replacement Financing in relation to Infigen’s Corporate Facility – see Section 6 below).
However, the Infigen Directors also note that:
 their continued belief is that the two remaining Iberdrola Defeating Conditions are capable
of satisfaction during the Iberdrola Offer Period; and
 in the current low interest rate environment, the Infigen Directors consider that the time
value of earlier receipt of the Offer Consideration under the Revised UAC Offer does not
compensate for the additional consideration being offered under the Revised Iberdrola
Offer.
Therefore, the Infigen Directors do not believe that the timeliness and certainty of payment under
the Revised UAC Offer compensates Infigen Security Holders sufficiently for the difference in value
offered to them under the Revised Iberdrola Offer and, therefore, believe that the Revised Iberdrola
Offer is superior.
4.2

The Revised UAC Offer has no withdrawal rights

The Infigen Directors note that, as the Revised UAC Offer is now unconditional, if you accept the Revised
UAC Offer, you will be unable to withdraw your acceptance, the contract resulting from your acceptance
will be binding on you and you will be unable to withdraw any Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of
your acceptance from the Revised UAC Offer, dispose of those Infigen Stapled Securities on market, or
otherwise deal with those Infigen Stapled Securities.

infigenenergy.com | 4

If you accept the Revised UAC Offer for all your Infigen Stapled Securities:
 you will not be able to accept the Revised Iberdrola Offer or any other offer from a competing
bidder, if one emerges; and
 if UAC ultimately accepts the Revised Iberdrola Offer with respect to Infigen Stapled Securities

For personal use only

formerly held by you, UAC (and not you) will receive the benefit of the additional value under
the Revised Iberdrola Offer.
The effects of acceptance of the Revised UAC Offer are set out in section 9.5 of the UAC Bidder's
Statement. Infigen Security Holders should read these provisions in full to understand the effect that
acceptance of the Revised UAC Offer will have on their ability to exercise the Rights attaching to their
Infigen Stapled Securities and the representations and warranties that they give to UAC by accepting
the Revised UAC Offer.

5.

Reasons why you may want to accept the Revised UAC Offer

Notwithstanding the Infigen Directors’ unanimous recommendation that Infigen Security Holders
REJECT the Revised UAC Offer, some Infigen Security Holders may not agree with that
recommendation. Individual Infigen Security Holders are not obliged to follow the recommendation of
the Infigen Directors. Possible reasons why individual Infigen Security Holders may choose to accept
the Revised UAC Offer are set out below.
5.1

You may form a different view of the capability of satisfaction of the Iberdrola Minimum
Acceptance Condition and/or the Iberdrola FIRB Condition and do not want to lose the
opportunity to accept the Revised UAC Offer. However, you have until closer to the end
of the Offer Period to make an assessment of the benefit of accepting the Revised UAC
Offer over the higher-priced Revised Iberdrola Offer.

The Revised UAC Offer is currently more certain than the Revised Iberdrola Offer because:
(a) the Revised UAC Offer is unconditional (and, as discussed in Section 5.2 below, now has shorter
payment terms); and
(b) the Revised Iberdrola Offer remains subject to the Iberdrola FIRB Condition and the Iberdrola
Minimum Acceptance Condition.
As described in Section 4.1(b) above, the Infigen Directors believe that the two remaining Iberdrola
Defeating Conditions remain capable of satisfaction during the Iberdrola Offer Period. If that occurred,
the Revised Iberdrola Offer would become unconditional in the same way that the Revised UAC Offer
is unconditional. However, while the Infigen Directors believe that the Iberdrola FIRB Condition and
Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance Condition are capable of satisfaction during the Iberdrola Offer Period,
no assurance of that can be given.
You may form a different view about the capability of satisfaction of the two remaining Iberdrola
Defeating Conditions, in which case you may consider accepting the Revised UAC Offer, which offers
$0.03 per Infigen Stapled Security less than the Revised Iberdrola Offer. The Revised UAC Offer is
currently open until 7:00pm (Sydney, Australia time) on 24 July 2020 and Infigen Security Holders have
until closer to that time to make an assessment about the likelihood of satisfaction of the Iberdrola
Minimum Acceptance Condition and the Iberdrola FIRB Condition without losing the potential to accept
either the Revised UAC Offer or the Revised Iberdrola Offer. Accordingly, the Infigen Directors consider
that any decision that you make regarding accepting the Revised UAC Offer should only be made closer
to the end of the Offer Period when further information regarding the status of the Iberdrola Defeating
Conditions may be known. This preserves the possibility of you being able to accept the higher-priced

infigenenergy.com | 5

Revised Iberdrola Offer if the Revised Iberdrola Offer becomes, or you determine that it is likely to
become, unconditional. If you accept the Revised UAC Offer, you will not have the opportunity to receive
the higher Revised Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security.

For personal use only

5.2

You may want to be paid earlier for your Infigen Stapled Securities than is available under
the Revised Iberdrola Offer

In section 2.1 of the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement, UAC stated that:
UAC intends to pay [Infigen Security Holders] who validly accept the [Revised UAC Offer] within
10 Business Days after the date of their acceptance being received.
Infigen Security Holders that validly accept the Revised Iberdrola Offer will be paid on or before the
earlier of:
(a)

one month after the Revised Iberdrola Offer is accepted or, if the Revised Iberdrola Offer is still
subject to an Iberdrola Defeating Condition, one month after the Revised Iberdrola Offer
becomes or is declared unconditional; and

(b)

21 days after the end of the Iberdrola Offer Period.

This is later than payment under the Revised UAC Offer. The Infigen Directors consider, however, that,
in the current low interest rate environment, the time value of earlier receipt of the Offer Consideration
under the Revised UAC Offer does not compensate for the additional consideration being offered under
the Revised Iberdrola Offer.
5.3

You may want to accept the Revised UAC Offer for some of your Infigen Stapled
Securities and retain some.

The Revised UAC Offer allows Infigen Security Holders to accept the offer for some or all of their Infigen
Stapled Securities. This provides flexibility in terms of dealing with a holding of Infigen Stapled
Securities. For example, an Infigen Security Holder may sell some of their Infigen Stapled Securities
on market, accept the Revised UAC Offer in respect of some, and/or retain some.
In contrast, the Revised Iberdrola Offer can only be accepted in relation to an Infigen Security Holder’s
entire holding of Infigen Stapled Securities. This is less flexible. However, Infigen Security Holders do
have the option of selling some of their Infigen Stapled Securities on market and/or accepting the
Revised UAC Offer in respect of some of their Infigen Stapled Securities. If that occurred, then an
Infigen Security Holder could accept the Revised Iberdrola Offer in respect of all remaining Infigen
Stapled Securities that they held.

6.

Certain information in the Original Target’s Statement is now outdated

The Original Target’s Statement was dated 23 June 2020 and was released to the ASX and lodged with
ASIC on that day. Accordingly, the Original Target’s Statement contains outdated information which
does not take account of the information contained in the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s
Statement and the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement, each of which were released after
the date of the Original Target’s Statement. As a result, the statements, or categories of statements, in
the Original Target’s Statement set out in the table below are no longer correct and, accordingly, you
should disregard them.

infigenenergy.com | 6

For personal use only

Statement or category of statement

Updated information

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that the UAC
Offer Price is $0.80 per Infigen Stapled Security
(see, among other places, the Chairman’s Letter,
Part 1 and Part 4 of section 1.2, section 2 and
section 4.1 of that document).

As described in Section 2.1 above, on 29 June
2020, UAC increased the UAC Offer Price to the
Revised UAC Offer Price of $0.86 per Infigen
Stapled Security.

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that the
Iberdrola Offer Price is $0.86 per Infigen Stapled
Security (see, among other places, the
Chairman’s Letter and Part 1 of Section 1.2 of
that document).

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia formally increased the
Iberdrola Offer Price to the Revised Iberdrola
Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security.

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that the
Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.86 represented a
premium of 7.5% to the UAC Offer Price of $0.80
(see the Chairman’s Letter and Part 1 of
section 1.2 of that document).

As described in Section 4.1(a) above, the
Revised Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen
Stapled Security represents a 3.5% premium to
the Revised UAC Offer Price of $0.86.

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that, if an
Infigen Security Holder accepts the UAC Offer,
UAC will pay them the Offer Consideration on or
before the earlier of:

In section 2.1 of the UAC Second Supplementary
Bidder’s Statement, UAC stated that:

- one month after they accept the UAC Offer or
one month after the UAC Offer becomes
unconditional (whichever is later); and

UAC intends to pay [Infigen Security Holders]
who validly accept the [Revised UAC Offer] within
10 Business Days after the date of their
acceptance being received.

- 21 days after the end of the Offer Period,
(see sections 2 and 4.9 of that document).
The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that the UAC
Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (as
applicable) of highly prescriptive Defeating
Conditions, some of which will not, or were
unlikely to be, satisfied (see, among other places,
the Chairman’s Letter, section 1.1, Part1 and Part
2 of section 1.2, section 2, and section 4.3 of that
document).

As described in Section 2.1 above, UAC declared
the Revised UAC Offer free from all remaining
Defeating Conditions on 29 June 2020. The
effect of this is that the Revised UAC Offer is now
unconditional.

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that the
Iberdrola Offer is subject to the satisfaction or
waiver (as applicable) of limited defeating
conditions which, in contrast to the Defeating
Conditions that apply to the UAC Offer, were
formulated by Iberdrola Australia having regard to
the due diligence access provided to it (see,
among other places, section 1.1, Part 3 of section
1.2, and section 2 of that document).

As described in Section 2.1 above, UAC declared
the Revised UAC Offer free from all remaining
Defeating Conditions on 29 June 2020. The
effect of this is that the Revised UAC Offer is now
unconditional.
As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia declared the Revised
Iberdrola Offer free from all defeating conditions
that had not been satisfied or waived, other than
the Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance Condition and
the Iberdrola FIRB Condition.

infigenenergy.com | 7

For personal use only

The Original Target’s Statement contains a
number of statements to the effect that it is
uncertain whether UAC has sufficient funding to
complete the UAC Offer in the circumstances
where repayment of certain of Infigen’s Financing
Arrangements is required as a result of UAC
acquiring more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled
Securities (see, among other places, the
Chairman’s Letter, section 1.1, Part 4 of section
1.2, and section 2 of that document).

In section 5 of the UAC Second Supplementary
Bidder’s Statement, UAC stated that, if the
Corporate Facility Lenders call for a review
subsequent to a change in control occurring or
require repayment subsequent to the review,
then, if it is necessary, it is UAC’s intention to
procure that AC Energy Australia Pte Ltd (an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AC Energy,
Inc. and a 75% shareholder in UAC) provides an
unsecured loan, on arm’s length terms, to Infigen
to refinance the Corporate Facility (Replacement
Financing).
UAC also stated in section 5.2 of the UAC
Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement that:
-

the additional cash consideration payable
under the Revised UAC Offer will be provided
from funds supplied by AC Renewables
International Pte Ltd (ACRI) a related body
corporate of UAC, and an indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of AC Energy, Inc.;

-

the arrangements under which those funds
will be provided are the same as set out in
section 5.2 of the UAC Bidder’s Statement;
and

-

any amounts required to refinance the
Corporate Facility by way of the Replacement
Financing, will be sourced from funds
supplied by ACRI to AC Energy Australia Pte
Ltd and ACRI has committed to UAC to
ensure that AC Energy Australia Pte Ltd
provides the Replacement Financing.

In section 5.2 of the UAC Second Supplementary
Bidder’s Statement, UAC also disclosed that, as
at 29 June 2020, ACRI had cash, short-term
deposits, equivalent liquid assets, and available
credit lines in excess of the aggregate maximum
amount that UAC could be required to pay under
the Revised UAC Offer at the Revised UAC Offer
Price and the principal amount of the
Replacement
Financing,
together
with
transaction costs.

7. Certain information in the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s
Statement is now outdated
The UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement was dated 29 June 2020. Accordingly, it contains
outdated information which does not take account of the information contained in the Iberdrola First
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement which was released on 30 June 2020. The statements, or categories
of statements, in the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement set out in the table below are no
longer correct or are now outdated.

infigenenergy.com | 8

For personal use only

Statement or category of statement

Updated information

The Iberdrola Offer, is subject to a large number
of conditions (including a FIRB approval
condition, which cannot be waived)

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia declared the Revised
Iberdrola Offer free from all defeating conditions
that had not been satisfied or waived, other than
the Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance Condition and
the Iberdrola FIRB Condition.

(See section 2.1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer remains highly conditional.
Those conditions include … a material adverse
change condition.
(See section 3 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The offer price under the Iberdrola Offer being
“A$0.86 per Stapled Security”.
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer is conditional on there being
no regulatory impediments
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer is conditional on there being
no material adverse change
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer is conditional on there being
no specified events
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer is conditional on there being
no prescribed occurrences
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

Second

The Iberdrola Offer is conditional on there being
no statements on the ASX in the twelve months
prior to the announcement of the Iberdrola Offer
that are incorrect, untrue or misleading in a
material respect
(See Attachment 1 of the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement)

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia declared the Revised
Iberdrola Offer free from all defeating conditions
that had not been satisfied or waived (including
the material adverse change condition), other
than the Iberdrola Minimum Acceptance
Condition and the Iberdrola FIRB Condition.
As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia formally increased the
Iberdrola Offer Price to the Revised Iberdrola
Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security.
As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia freed the Revised
Iberdrola Offer from this condition.

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia freed the Revised
Iberdrola Offer from this condition.

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia freed the Revised
Iberdrola Offer from this condition.

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia freed the Revised
Iberdrola Offer from this condition.

As described in Section 2.2 above, on 30 June
2020, Iberdrola Australia freed the Revised
Iberdrola Offer from this condition.

Second

infigenenergy.com | 9

8.

Consents

For personal use only

The following parties have given, and have not withdrawn before the lodgement of this First
Supplementary Target’s Statement with ASIC, their written consent to be named in this First
Supplementary Target’s Statement in the form and context in which they are so named:
(a)

Gilbert + Tobin, to being named in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement as legal adviser
to Infigen;

(b)

Goldman Sachs, to being named in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement as financial
adviser to Infigen; and

(c)

Lazard, to being named in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement as financial adviser to
Infigen.

None of these persons have caused or authorised the issue of this First Supplementary Target’s
Statement, nor makes or purports to make any statement in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement
or any statement on which a statement in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement is based or takes
any responsibility for any part of this First Supplementary Target’s Statement, other than any reference
to its name.
Each of the Infigen Directors has given and not withdrawn before the lodgment of this First
Supplementary Target’s Statement with ASIC their consent to:
(a)

be named in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement in the form and context in which they
are named; and

(b)

statements attributable to them being included in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement
in the form and context in which they appear.

As permitted by ASIC Class Order 13/521, this First Supplementary Target’s Statement may include or
be accompanied by statements which are made in documents lodged with ASIC or ASX. Pursuant to
ASIC Class Order 13/521, provided this First Supplementary Target’s Statement fairly represents such
statements, the consent of the parties making those statements is not required for, and those parties
have not consented to, the inclusion of such statements in this First Supplementary Target’s Statement.
Infigen Security Holders may, during the Offer Period, obtain a copy of the documents (free of charge)
in which the aforementioned statements appear (or in which statements based on those statements
appear, as the case may be), or the relevant part(s) of any of those documents, by contacting the Infigen
Security Holder Information Line 1300 540 303 (for calls made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022
7955 (for calls made from outside Australia), on Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm
(Sydney, Australia time).

infigenenergy.com | 10

9.

Approval of this First Supplementary Target’s Statement

For personal use only

This First Supplementary Target’s Statement has been approved by a resolution passed by the Infigen
Directors. Signed for and on behalf of IEL and IERL in its capacity as the responsible entity for the IET:

Date

3 July 2020
Signed for and on behalf of Infigen Energy Limited
By:

Director
Print name

Date

L. F. Gill

3 July 2020
Signed for and on behalf of Infigen Energy RE Limited in its capacity as responsible entity
for the Infigen Energy Trust
By:

Director
Print name

L. F. Gill

infigenenergy.com | 11

