For personal use only

ACN 090 987 250

ASX Release

Entitlement Offer To Raise Approximately
$3.56 million
Key Points
•

Non-renounceable entitlement offer to raise approximately $3.56 million.

•

Attractively priced at 2.5 cents per share

•

Discount of 34.3% to 15 trading day VWAP

•

For every 3 new shares, shareholders will receive 1 new option

•

New options will have an exercise price of 5 cents, term of 2 years and will be listed

•

Director to take up entitlement

•

Funds raised from the Entitlement Offer will be used for the development of the
Company’s anagrelide and the remaining OroMist assets, the potential acquisition
and development of new assets, as well as providing general working capital.

PERTH, AUSTRALIA – 3 July 2020: SUDA Pharmaceuticals Ltd (ASX: SUD), a leader in oromucosal drug delivery, is pleased to announce that it intends to conduct a 1 for 1
non-renounceable entitlement offer of fully paid ordinary shares in Suda (New Shares) (and
1 option for every 3 New Shares issued with an exercise price of $0.05 and an expiry date
of 31 July 2022) to raise approximately $3.56 million (Entitlement Offer).
The offer price for the Entitlement Offer will be $0.025 per share (Offer Price). The Offer
Price represents a 37.5% discount to the last traded price of Suda shares.
Under the Entitlement Offer, eligible shareholders will be able to subscribe for 1 new
ordinary share in Suda for every 1 existing share (and 1 option for every 3 New Shares
issued with an exercise price of $0.05 and an expiry date of 31 July 2022) held at 7.00pm
(AEST) on Wednesday, 8 July 2020 (Record Date) at the Offer Price (Entitlements).

ASX Release No. 1058

3 July 2020

Page 1 of 4

For personal use only

The proceeds of the Entitlement Offer will be used for:
1

the development of the Company’s anagrelide and the remaining OroMist assets;

2

the potential acquisition and development of new assets; and

3

general working capital.

The Entitlements are non-renounceable and will not be tradeable on ASX or otherwise
transferable. Shareholders who do not take up their Entitlements will not receive any
value for those Entitlements that they do not take up. Shareholders who are not eligible
to receive Entitlements will not receive any value for the Entitlements they would have
received had they been eligible.
Approximately 142,254,397 new ordinary shares in Suda will be issued as part of the
Entitlement Offer. Shares issued under the Entitlement Offer will rank equally with
existing shares.
The Entitlement Offer will include a top up facility under which eligible shareholders who
take up their full Entitlement will be invited to apply for additional shares in the
Entitlement Offer from a pool of those not taken up by other eligible shareholders. There
is no guarantee that applicants under this top up facility will receive all or any of the shares
they apply for under the facility.
Suda will notify shareholders as to whether they are eligible to participate in the
Entitlement Offer. Eligible shareholders will receive a prospectus including a personalised
entitlement and acceptance form which will provide further details of how to participate
in the Entitlement Offer.
Also, under ASX Listing Rules, Appendix 7A, Suda will despatch a letter about the
Entitlement Offer to each holder of options to subscribe for Suda shares.
Key dates1
Event

Date

Prospectus date

Friday, 3 July 2020

Announcement of the Entitlement Offer

Friday, 3 July 2020

Ex date

Tuesday, 7 July 2020

Record Date for Entitlement Offer (7.00pm, Sydney time)

Wednesday, 8 July 2020

Prospectus and Entitlement and Acceptance Form
despatched

Monday, 13 July 2020

Entitlement Offer opens

Monday, 13 July 2020

Offer closes (5.00pm, Sydney time)

Wednesday, 22 July 2020

1All

dates are indicative only and subject to change. Suda reserve the right to withdraw
or vary the timetable without notice.
ASX Release No. 1058

3 July 2020

Page 2 of 4

For personal use only

New Shares quoted on deferred settlement basis

Thursday, 23 July 2020

Announcement of results of Entitlement Offer and undersubscriptions

Monday, 27 July 2020

Allotment of New Shares issued under the Entitlement
Offer

Wednesday, 29 July 2020

Despatch of holding statements for New Shares issued
under the Entitlement Offer

Thursday, 30 July 2020

Normal ASX trading for New Shares issued under the
Entitlement Offer commences

Thursday, 30 July 2020

For further information, please contact:
For further information about the Entitlement Offer, please call the share registry,
Advanced Share Registry Services, on 08 9389 8033 (within Australia) or +61 8 9389 8033
(outside Australia), or visit the Company’s website at www.sudapharma.com.
Dr Michael Baker, SUDA’s CEO, commented: “This is an exciting time for the Company as
we look to secure TGA approval for ZolpiMist in Q4 CY2020 and we continue to develop
anagrelide into a pharmaceutical grade oral spray formulation for the treatment of solid
tumours. With a Board and senior management group that is well versed in sourcing and
evaluating new technologies, we look forward to adding additional products to the Suda
portfolio.”

For and on behalf of the Board and for further information please contact:
Paul Hopper
Chairman
SUDA Pharmaceuticals Ltd
Tel: +61 (0) 406 671 515

Dr Michael Baker
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director
SUDA Pharmaceuticals Ltd
Tel +61 (0) 403 468 187

phopper@sudapharma.com

mbaker@sudapharma.com

ASX Release No. 1058

3 July 2020

Page 3 of 4

For personal use only

Important information
This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy,
securities in the United States, or in any other jurisdiction in which such an offer would be
illegal. The securities referred to in this document have not been and will not be registered
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the ‘US Securities Act’), or under the
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, within the United States, unless the securities have
been registered under the US Securities Act or an exemption from the registration
requirements of the US Securities Act is available.
This document may not be distributed or released in the United States.
This announcement contains certain ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of
the securities laws of applicable jurisdictions. Forward-looking statements can generally
be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as ‘may,’ ‘should,’ ‘expect,’
‘anticipate,’ ‘estimate,’ ‘scheduled’ or ‘continue’ or the negative version of them or
comparable terminology. Any forecasts or other forward looking statements contained in
this announcement are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and may
involve significant elements of subjective judgment and assumptions as to future events
which may or may not be correct. There are usually differences between forecast and
actual results because events and actual circumstances frequently do not occur as forecast
and these differences may be material. Suda does not give any representation, assurance
or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forwardlooking statements.

NOTES TO EDITORS:
About SUDA Pharmaceuticals Ltd
SUDA Pharmaceuticals Ltd (ASX: SUD) is a drug delivery company focused on oro-mucosal
administration, headquartered in Perth, Western Australia. The Company is developing low-risk
oral sprays using its OroMist® technology to reformulate existing pharmaceuticals. The many
potential benefits of administering drugs through the oral mucosa (i.e.: cheeks, tongue, gums and
palate) include ease of use, lower dosage, reduced side effects and faster response time. SUDA’s
product pipeline includes ZolpiMist™, a first-in-class oral spray of zolpidem for insomnia. ZolpiMist
is marketed in the USA and SUDA has rights to the product outside of the US and Canada. Other
products in development include oral sprays for the treatment of: migraine headache;
chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting; erectile dysfunction; pulmonary hypertension;
epileptic seizures and pre-procedural anxiety and cancer.
For more information, visit www.sudapharma.com

ASX Release No. 1058

3 July 2020

Page 4 of 4

