For personal use only

Whitebark increases interest in Wizard Lake to 85%
3 July 2020

WBE secures 100% interest in the mineral leases of three key sections

Highlights
•

•

•

Whitebark’s Canadian subsidiary Salt Bush Energy (SBE) renewed the mineral lease over three sections
(713 ha) of its Wizard Lake Oilfield (WLO) as announced 9 June 2020
Right of First Refusal for Whitebark’s Joint Venture partner to participate in the renewal has expired, resulting
in Whitebark securing 100% interest in the three sections
The lease renewals take WBE’s average interest in the Wizard Lake Oilfield oil and gas rights to 85%

Whitebark Energy Ltd (ASX: WBE) (“Whitebark” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce the completion of the
lease renewal for the mineral rights in three sections of land (713 ha). A Right of First Refusal (ROFR) for
Whitebark’s Joint Venture partner to participate in the renewal has expired. Whitebark now holds a 100% interest
in the three sections.
As a result, Whitebark’s interest in over ten
sections covering the Wizard Lake Oilfield has
increased to an average of 85%.
Ownership of the individual sections ranges from
60% to 100%, however as sections are renewed,
under the ROFR rules the Company may increase
its interest in the sections to 100% which would
further increase the average ownership of the
field.
Following the current Entitlement Offer,
Whitebark will be well positioned to continue to
selectively increase its interest in the field.
The Company owns 100% of the facilities and
associated pipelines and operates the field.

Figure 1 - Wizard Lake Map and Working Interest Increase over 18 months

“The increase in our working interest across the entire field places control of development firmly in Whitebark’s
hands.” said Managing Director, David Messina. “As the oil price continues to recover over time, field
development activities can recommence while we carefully manage to increase production through our current
workover programme.”
End
This ASX announcement has been authorised for release by David Messina, Managing Director of Whitebark Energy Limited

For further information:
David Messina, Managing Director
Ph: +61 8 6555 6000
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information in the relevant ASX releases and the form
and context of the announcement has not materially changed.

T +61 8 6555 6000
E info@whitebarkenergy.com
Level 2, 6 Thelma Street West Perth WA 6005

whitebarkenergy.com
PO Box 1195 West Perth WA 6872 Australia

