7 July 2020

For personal use only

ASX Announcement

ARUMA EXPANDS SALTWATER GOLD PROJECT IDENTIFIES LARGE MAGNETIC TARGET

Highlights
•
•
•

•
•
•

Aruma has expanded its Saltwater Gold Project in the Pilbara region
of Western Australia with Exploration Licence (ELA52/3846 - 96km2)
Saltwater now covers >65km of the Nanjilgardy fault which hosts
multiple areas of gold anomalism
The 463km2 Saltwater Project is interpreted to sit along the same
regional structure (Nanjilgardy fault) as Northern Star Resources’
Paulsens Gold Mine and the Mt Olympus Gold Mine in the region
Aruma has identified the >60km2 Saltwater Ring Structure
The Saltwater and Atlantis anomalies are on the structure's edge
Aruma views the Saltwater Project as an exciting and significant early
stage gold exploration opportunity in an under explored area

Aruma Resources Ltd (AAJ) is pleased to announce that is expanded its
prospective gold ground holding, and identified a large priority
exploration target at is Saltwater Gold Project in the Pilbara region of
Western Australia.
Aruma has applied for Exploration Licence E52/3846 at the Saltwater
Project. The new Exploration Licence covers an area of 96 km2, and is
situated on the eastern extent of the Saltwater project area, immediately
adjacent to Exploration Licence Application ELA52/3818 (see Figure 2).
The Saltwater Project represents, what Aruma believes to be, an exciting
early stage gold exploration opportunity in an under explored area.
With the new ELA, the project area now covers a strike extent of more
than 65km of the previously delineated Nanjilgardy fault, with splays
interpreted on the Monster trend and Black Hill trend. The presence of
this major fault running through the entire project area along with the
presence of gold anomalism and previous mining activities at multiple
areas has enhanced the prospectivity of the Saltwater Project.
The Saltwater and Atlantis anomalies are on the western extremity of the
large >60km2 magnetic ring structure, the Saltwater Ring Structure, partly
defined in the Tempest AEM Survey (refer announcement 12 May 2020)
and now confirmed and fully covered by the new lease.
Aruma now has several large-scale priority target areas at the Saltwater
Project; the Saltwater Anomaly, the Atlantis Anomaly and the Monster
Anomaly.

ASX: AAJ
Capital Structure
821M Shares on Issue
8M Options on issue
Board of Directors
Non-Executive Chairman
Paul Boyatzis
Managing Director
Peter Schwann
Non-Executive Director
Mark Elliott
Company Secretary
Phillip MacLeod

Active Gold Projects
Kalgoorlie - Norseman
SLATE DAM - TROJAN
SCOTIA SOUTH
Pilbara
MELROSE
SALTWATER
Lachlan Fold Belt NSW
CAPITAL

Head Office
Level 1, 6 Thelma Street
West Perth, WA 6005
T +61 8 9321 0177
F +61 8 9226 3764
E info@arumaresources.com
W www.arumaresources.com

Postal Address
PO Box 152
West Perth, WA 6872

ABN 77 141 335 364

For personal use only

Figure 1: Aruma's new lease E52/3846 (yellow shaded), at the Saltwater Gold Project. Interpreted splay
faults are shown and the leases now cover 64km of the Nanjilgardy Fault. The cyan shape is the
conductor modelled from the Tempest AEM Survey by Lion One.

Three Priority Targets
The Saltwater Anomaly covers the western edge of the Saltwater Ring Structure defined by
a magnetic anomaly which is now fully covered as shown in Figure 2 below. The western
portion of this structure was defined in the Tempest Survey (as reported) and can be seen
to extend to the east into the new lease. This structure was partly investigated in the
exploration conducted by Lion One (refer announcement 12 May 2020) and will be a
priority target for regional mapping and geochemistry in the first phase of exploration, after
granting of the exploration licence. The magnetic feature shown in Figure 2 now extends
east with only the western third outcropping as shown by previous small-scale mining and
prospecting. The non-outcropping eastern area makes the Saltwater target significant with
known structure-stratigraphic controls and demonstrated gold endowment.
Early exploration for uranium was undertaken in the 1980s by Uranerz and identified some
low level gold anomalies. These were followed up by a private explorer Ismoy Pty Ltd who
used geological contractor Geochemex to Rab drill the Saltwater Area in 1988 following up
"sub ore grade values in a ferruginous chert unit." A total of 10 holes were reported in the
Wamex Report A29519 and the anomalous holes are listed below in Table 1.

Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

2

For personal use only

Hole
ID
SPH1
SPH1
SPH2
SPH4
SPH8

GPS m
GPS m
Easting Northing
669235 7351417
669235 7351417
669245 7351407
669230 7351462
669230 7351442

Dip°

Azimuth°

-60
-60
-60
-60
-65

360
360
18
5
5

Depth
from (m)
8
16
100
101
102

Depth
to (m)
12
20
101
102
103

Interval
m
4
4
9
2
2

Gold
Au ppm
0.15
0.11
0.23
0.14
0.12

Table 1: Saltwater drillhole intersections from A29519, using a 0.1g/t Au cutoff.

The drilling results above are some 500m from old mining areas and will be sampled and
mapped when the licences are granted.

Figure 2: Aruma's Saltwater Project leases on 1VD Magnetics showing the Monster, Atlantis-AVRC24
and the Saltwater anomalies (yellow dot). The Tempest AEM Survey conductor can be seen to extend
into the new lease area to the east.

The structural and stratigraphic control is quite evident in Figure 2, with the Monster anomaly
situated on the Nanjilgardy Fault where there is an offset with a major north-east dolerite.
More recent exploration was undertaken by Lion One Australia Pty Limited (previously Avocet
Resources Limited) in joint venture with Thundelarra Limited and Cullen Resources Limited on
their Saltwater Pool JV Project (which is covered by E52/3818) and reported during 2013.
Results quoted in this announcement are detailed in Minedex open file report A101164.
The previously announced Atlantis drill hole AVRC24 (announcement 12 May 2020) defined
the initial confirmation of hydrothermal alteration assemblages and these are confirmed with
the Monster results discussed below.

Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

3

The Monster Anomaly is an outcropping quartz vein with sulphide scars that was mapped,
sampled and drilled by previous explorers. This area represents an initial priority exploration
target for Aruma at the Saltwater Project.

For personal use only

The best results from previous drilling were related to quartz veins containing pyrite in the
western section of the licence area. That area remains open to the west where the quartz
vein disappears under tertiary cover. See tables 2 and 3 for details on this previous drilling.
The presence of gold at ~0.3g/t with associated sulphides and on a structure in reactive rocks
may make the area prospective for sediment hosted gold deposits. This alteration signature
is shown in Figure 4.

Figure 3: Aruma's Saltwater Project leases on 500K geology with Faults and anomalies
Hole
Number

Tenement
number

Easting
GDA 94

Northing
GDA 94

RL (m)

Azimuth

Dip

End of
hole (m)

MORC004 E52/1892

637825

7357751

537

345

-80

111

MORC005 E52/1892

637651

7357794

556

20

-70

126

MORC006 E52/1892

637476

7357855

551

20

-60

90

Table 2: Drillhole details for the Monster Trend
Gold

Copper

Lead

Sulphur

Zinc

Au ppb

Cu ppm

Pb ppm

S%

Zn ppm

99

10

44

23

0.78

312

99

100

60

50

18

0.29

193

74692

100

101

280

55

20

1

105

MORC005

74693

101

102

<10

29

11

0.64

69

MORC005

74694

102

103

<10

29

8

0.39

107

Hole_ID

Sample ID

Depth
From

Depth to

MORC005

74690

98

MORC005

74691

MORC005

Table 3: Assays in MORC005 showing the relationship of gold and sulphur in the 98 to 103m interval
Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

4

For personal use only

The results in Figure 4, below, clearly demonstrate the elevated and anomalous hydrothermal
gold and sulphur levels in MORC005 compared to the non mineralised zones. Aruma’s
planned first phase of exploration will target where the structure intersects reactive rocks
where lodes may be developed. The geochemistry of the standard alteration will greatly
assist exploration by allowing the hand held XRF to be used in the field whilst mapping.

Figure 4: Relationship with Gold (yellow) and Sulphur (green) in MORC005

Next steps
The Company plans to undertake a detailed desk top study of the Saltwater Project as part
of its exploration targeting work at the Project. This will also include a ground reconnaissance
program, with all work designed to define and rank initial priority exploration areas within the
Project area. An access agreement with the pastoralist is currently underway. Project access,
via station tracks, is good.
Saltwater Project Background
The Saltwater Gold Project consists of the four Exploration Licence Applications (ELA52/3816,
ELA52/3818, ELA52/3825 and E52/3830) and the new Exploration Licence (E52/3846), and
covers a total area of 463km2. The Project is located approximately 100 kilometres south-west
of the regional mining centre of Newman.
Project
Saltwater
Saltwater
Saltwater
Saltwater
Saltwater

Lease
E52/3816
E52/3818
E52/3825
E52/3830
E52/3846

Applied for
15/4/2020
17/4/2020
5/5/2020
12/5/2020
30/6/2020
Total

Blocks
6
55
39
18
31
149

km2
19
171
121
56
96
463

Table 4: Lease details for the Saltwater Project

The Project is interpreted to be situated on the same regional structure (the Nanjilgardy Fault)
reported as the primary source of gold mineralisation at Northern Star’s Resources’ (ASX: NST)
Paulsens Gold Mine and at the Mt Olympus Gold Mine in the region.

Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

5

The Saltwater Project was pegged in the previous quarter following a review by Aruma of its
project holdings, designed to rationalise the current project portfolio and to pursue new
potentially value-accretive projects, with potential to host large scale gold deposits.

For personal use only

Aruma’s initial assessment of the Project has defined several anomalous areas with positive
indicators of alteration and gold mineralisation.

Figure 5: Aruma's Gold Projects

Authorised for release by Peter Schwann, Managing Director.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:
Peter Schwann
Managing Director

James Moses
Media and Investor Relations

Aruma Resources Limited
Telephone: +61 8 9321 0177
Mobile: +61 417 946 370
Email: info@arumaresources.com

Mandate Corporate
Mobile: +61 420 991 574
Email: james@mandatecorporate.com.au

Aruma Resources Limited is a proud supporter and
member of the Association of Mining and
Exploration Companies, 2020.

Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

6

COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENT

For personal use only

The information in this release that relates to Exploration Results, Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves is based on
information compiled by Peter Schwann who is a Fellow of the AIG and Australasian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy. Mr Schwann is Managing Director and a full-time employee of the Company. Mr Schwann has
sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to
the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian
Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserve’. Mr Schwann consents to the
inclusion in the release of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears. All
exploration results reported have previously been released to ASX and are available to be viewed on the
Company website www.arumaresurces.com.au .

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT
Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on a number of estimates and assumptions made by the Company and its consultants in
light of experience, current conditions and expectations of future developments which the Company believes
are appropriate in the current circumstances. These estimates and assumptions while considered reasonable by
the Company are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the
actual results, achievements and performance of the Company to be materially different from the future results
and achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements preceded by words such as “planned”, “expected”, “projected”, “estimated”,
“may”, “scheduled”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “believes”, “potential”, “could”, “nominal”, “conceptual” and
similar expressions. There can be no assurance that Aruma plans to develop exploration projects that will proceed
with the current expectations. There can be no assurance that Aruma will be able to conform the presence of
Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves, that any mineralisation will prove to be economic and will be successfully
developed on any of Aruma’s mineral properties. Investors are cautioned that forward looking information is no
guarantee of future performance and accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements.

Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) | www.arumaresources.com | ABN 77 141 335 364

7

For personal use only

Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
The following data is in relation to Historic Drill Hole data in the announcement and the individual holes are listed in the relative Minedex A Report
number.
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips, or
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate
to the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.). These examples should
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity
and the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems
used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this would be
relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1
m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge
for fire assay’). In other cases more explanation may be required,
such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (e.g.
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.
• Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc.) and details (e.g. core diameter,
triple or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or
other type, whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc.).
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries
and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure
representative nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade
and whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential
loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate

• drill samples are taken from various depth holes and sampled in 4 to
1m intervals as set by drill refusal
• Samples from depth down hole.
• Samples were riffle split for composites and the 1m samples left on
sites
• All the sites were rehabilitated as required by PoW

Drilling
techniques

Drill sample
recovery

Logging

• Drilling was done with Rab and RC rigs using industry standard
sampling methods.
• The best endeavors were used to ensure sample recovery and
splitting gave the best quality possible.

• All samples were logged geologically and qualitatively.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

•

Sub-sampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests

•
•

•

Verification of
sampling and
assaying

•
•
•
•

Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies and metallurgical
studies.
Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or
costean, channel, etc.) photography.
The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged.
If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core
taken.
If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and
whether sampled wet or dry.
For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the
sample preparation technique.
Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to
maximise representivity of samples.
Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in
situ material collected, including for instance results for field
duplicate/second-half sampling.
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material
being sampled.
The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and
laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc,
the parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument
make and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their
derivation, etc.
Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels
of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision have been established.
The verification of significant intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.
The use of twinned holes.
Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data
verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

Commentary

• All samples rotary split and noted wet or dry. Where sample quality
precluded riffle splitting, the material was tube sampled.
• The sample size satisfied the Gy size requirements.

• Laboratory standards and methods are industry standards.
• Duplicate samples were not taken as any anomalous holes would be
assayed in the 1m splits

• All significant intersections were inspected or reviewed by at least two
competent and relevant geologists.
• No holes were twinned as this is not required in grass roots
exploration.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Location of
data points

• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and
down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations
used in Mineral Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.

• Initial hole layout was by GPS. Australian Standard licenced
surveyors were used to position the drill holes where required.
• All locations are GDA94
• The SPH Rab holes were sited on ground and located by Camera
GPS

Data spacing
and
distribution

• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and
classifications applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.
• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of
possible structures and the extent to which this is known, considering
the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the orientation
of key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a
sampling bias, this should be assessed and reported if material.
• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

• The spacing was done to look a previous geochemical anomaly and
identify bedrock
• Compositing was done on early holes in 4m intervals and re-assayed
if greater than 1g/t Au

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data.

• No audits were listed in the reports

Orientation of
data in
relation to
geological
structure
Sample
security
Audits or
reviews

• All holes drilled as close to tangential as possible with vertical Rab
and -60° RC holes.

• All samples logged and numbered on site and checked as drilled, as
logged, as loaded to Laboratory and as submitted.

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status

• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership including
agreements or material issues with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, native title interests,
historical sites, wilderness or national park and environmental
settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along with any
known impediments to obtaining a licence to operate in the area.

• All tenements and issues required are detailed in the reports.
• All work done under PoWs.
• All work quoted was done by previous lease holders and is
referenced by the Minedex A Report numbers

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Exploration
done by other
parties

• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other parties.

• The reports are acknowledged in the announcement and is numbered
as an A report in Minedex

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation.

• Detailed in the "Gold in Sediments" exploration model published by
Aruma in previous announcements and presentations.

Drill hole
Information

• A summary of all information material to the understanding of the
exploration results including a tabulation of the following information
for all Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level in
metres) of the drill hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis that the
information is not Material and this exclusion does not detract from
the understanding of the report, the Competent Person should clearly
explain why this is the case.
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging techniques,
maximum and/or minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of high
grades) and cut-off grades are usually Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high grade
results and longer lengths of low grade results, the procedure used
for such aggregation should be stated and some typical examples of
such aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent values
should be clearly stated.
• These relationships are particularly important in the reporting of
Exploration Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill hole
angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are reported, there
should be a clear statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole length, true
width not known’).

• All drill holes tabled, and information from holes quoted with Relevant
Minedex A Report Number.

Data
aggregation
methods

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths

• Drill holes are oriented to get intersections as close to true widths as
possible.
• No data aggregation was done for the report
• Metal equivalents never used.

• Sections are not used in the AAJ announcement

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Diagrams

• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and tabulations of
intercepts should be included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be limited to a plan view of
drill hole collar locations and appropriate sectional views.
• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is not
practicable, representative reporting of both low and high grades
and/or widths should be practiced to avoid misleading reporting of
Exploration Results.
• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should be reported
including (but not limited to): geological observations; geophysical
survey results; geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density,
groundwater, geotechnical and rock characteristics; potential
deleterious or contaminating substances.
• The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for lateral
extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible extensions,
including the main geological interpretations and future drilling areas,
provided this information is not commercially sensitive.

• As done

Balanced
reporting

Other
substantive
exploration
data

Further work

• The complete list of individual hole assays are not listed as they are
available in the quoted A reports from Minedex.
• All A reports and associated previous data are listed to source the
original reported data.

• As detailed in the report.

