ASX: AUT
7 July 2020

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

For personal use only

Not for release to US wire services or distribution in the United States

Auteco Minerals Receives Firm Commitments for
A$30.4 Million Placement to Accelerate Exploration
Proceeds to fund ongoing drilling program at the Pickle Crow Gold Project

Highlights:
•

Auteco receives firm commitments for fully underwritten Placement to raise approximately $30.4
million

•

The Company is pleased to welcome two offshore global resource specialist funds and thanks
existing shareholders for their support

•

Placement will fund ongoing exploration at Auteco’s Pickle Crow Gold Project, which recently
reported a maiden Inferred Resource of 830,000oz @ 11.6 g/t gold

•

Auteco will expedite resource growth at Pickle Crow as it progresses its drilling program to test
numerous high-grade gold targets

•

A resource update is intended to be made this calendar year

Auteco Minerals Limited (“Auteco” or “Company”) (ASX: AUT) is pleased to announce it has received firm
commitments for its fully underwritten placement (“Placement”) to raise approximately $30.4 million
(before costs) via the issue of approximately 225 million new fully paid ordinary shares in the Company (“New
Shares”).
Proceeds of the Placement will fund ongoing exploration at Auteco’s flagship Pickle Crow Gold Project
(“Pickle Crow”), which recently received a maiden JORC 2012 compliant inferred resource of 830,000oz at
11.6 g/t gold (refer to ASX release dated 29 June 2020) (“Inferred Resource”)1, as well as ongoing working
capital requirements.
Auteco recently commenced its maiden drilling program at Pickle Crow, with nine holes already drilled and
assays pending analysis. The Placement will enable Auteco to expedite resource growth with a second
diamond drill rig scheduled to arrive in July 2020 to test multiple walk-up targets. Numerous high-grade
targets have been identified for drilling, and Auteco is working towards a resource update that it intends to
announce this calendar year.

1

As announced on 29 June 2020. Auteco confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially
affects the information included in the announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters
underpinning the estimates in the announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed.

CONTACT DETAILS
T: +61 8 9220 9030
E: info@autecominerals.com.au
W: www.autecominerals.com.au

ACN: 110 336 733
Principal and Registered Office
Level 3, Suite 3
24 Outram Street West Perth WA 6005

Page | 1

New Shares were issued under the Placement at an issue price of $0.135, which represents a 10.0% discount
to the last traded price (on 3 July 2020). 201,326,840 New Shares will be issued under Auteco’s ASX Listing
Rule 7.1 placement capacity and 23,673,160 New Shares will be issued under 7.1A placement capacity, and
will rank equally with existing fully paid ordinary shares of Auteco. Settlement of the Placement will take
place on or about Monday, 13 July 2020.

For personal use only

Commenting on the Placement, Auteco’s Executive Chairman, Ray Shorrocks said, “The significant support
that we have received from the two offshore global resource specialist funds, along with support from our
existing shareholders is extremely pleasing, and a signficant endorsement of the progress that has been made
at Pickle Crow and the enormous opportunity in the project.
“Following our maiden Inferred Resource at Pickle Crow, we are very excited to accelerate our exploration
program. We have identified numerous high-grade gold targets to test, and expect that we will be able to
provide a resource update later this year.”
Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited acted as Sole Lead Manager and Underwriter to the Placement.
Nothing contained in this announcement constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice. You should seek
appropriate professional advice before making any investment decision.
For and on behalf of the Board.

Mr Ray Shorrocks
Executive Chairman
Auteco Minerals Ltd
Phone: +61 8 9220 9030

About Auteco Minerals
Auteco Minerals Ltd (ASX: AUT) is an emerging mineral exploration company focused on advancing highgrade gold resources at the Pickle Crow Gold Project in the world-class Uchi sub-province of Ontario, Canada.
Pickle Crow is one of Canada’s highest-grade gold mines – historically, producing 1.5 million ounces at 16 g/t
gold.2
Auteco’s Directors and exploration team have a proven track record of gold discoveries and creating wealth
for shareholders and stakeholders. The Company also has a joint venture on the Limestone Well VanadiumTitanium Project in Western Australia.
For further information regarding Auteco Minerals Ltd please visit the ASX platform (ASX: AUT) or the
Company’s website https://www.autecominerals.com.au

2

Refer to SEDAR Technical report for historical production https://www.sedar.com/GetFile.do?lang=EN&docClass=24&issuerNo=00022404&issuerType=03&projectNo=02810557&docId=437
5165

Page | 2

Disclaimers

For personal use only

This announcement has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to US wire
services or distributed in the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a
solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any securities described
in this announcement have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the "US
Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or
not subject to, the registration requirements of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.

Forward Looking Information
This announcement contains forward looking statements concerning the Company. Forward-looking
statements are not statements of historical fact and actual events and results may differ materially from
those described in the forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of risks, uncertainties and other
factors. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to business, economic, competitive, political and
social uncertainties and contingencies. Many factors could cause the Company’s actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking information provided by the Company, or
on behalf of the Company. Such factors include, among other things, risks relating to additional funding
requirements, metal prices, exploration, development and operating risks, competition, production risks,
regulatory restrictions, including environmental regulation and liability and potential title disputes. Forward
looking statements in this announcement are based on the Company’s beliefs, opinions and estimates of the
Company as of the dates the forward- looking statements are made, and no obligation is assumed to update
forward looking statements if these beliefs, opinions and estimates should change or to reflect other future
developments. Although management believes that the assumptions made by the Company and the
expectations represented by such information are reasonable, there can be no assurancethat the forwardlooking information will prove to be accurate. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of
the Company to be materially different from any anticipated future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, among others, the actual
market price of commodities, the actual results of future exploration, changes in project parameters as plans
continue to be evaluated, as well as those factors disclosed in the Company's publicly filed announcements.
Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with
applicable securities laws. No representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given or made
by the Company that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements
in this announcement will actually occur.

Page | 3

