For personal use only

BLACK ROCK MINING LIMITED
ACN 094 551 336

ENTITLEMENT ISSUE PROSPECTUS

For a non-renounceable entitlement issue of 1 Share for every 16 Shares held by those
Shareholders registered at the Record Date at an issue price of $0.042 per Share to raise
up to $1,650,977 (based on the number of Shares on issue as at the date of this Prospectus)
(together with 1 free option for every 1 Share subscribed for and issued (New Option),
exercisable at $0.084 per New Option on or before the date that is 3 years from the date
of issue) (Offer).
The Offer is fully underwritten by Lazarus Corporate Finance Pty Ltd (ACN 149 263 543)
(AFSL 403 684) (Underwriter). Refer to Section 8.5 for details regarding the terms of the
Underwriting Agreement.
IMPORTANT NOTICE
This document is important and should be read in its entirety. If after reading this
Prospectus you have any questions about the securities being offered under this
Prospectus or any other matter, then you should consult your stockbroker, accountant or
other professional adviser.
The Shares offered by this Prospectus should be considered as speculative.

For personal use only

CONTENTS
1.

CORPORATE DIRECTORY......................................................................................... 1

2.

TIMETABLE ................................................................................................................ 2

3.

IMPORTANT NOTES .................................................................................................. 3

4.

DETAILS OF THE OFFER ............................................................................................. 5

5.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFER .................................................................... 12

6.

RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES ATTACHING TO SECURITIES ............................................ 16

7.

RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................... 21

8.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ................................................................................. 28

9.

DIRECTORS’ AUTHORISATION ............................................................................... 43

10.

GLOSSARY ............................................................................................................. 44

3501-14/2441114_9

i

For personal use only

1.

CORPORATE DIRECTORY
Directors

Registered Office

Richard Crookes (Non-Executive Chair)
John de Vries (Chief Executive Officer &
Managing Director)
Ian Murray (Non-Executive Director)
Gabriel Chiappini (Non-Executive
Director)

45 Ventnor Avenue
WEST PERTH WA 6005

Company Secretary

Telephone: + 61 8 9389 4415
Facsimile: +61 8 9389 4400
Email: info@ blackrockmining.com.au
Website: www.blackrockmining.com.au

Gabriel Chiappini
Share Registry*

Solicitors

Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
Level 11
172 St Georges Terrace
PERTH WA 6000

Steinepreis Paganin
Lawyers and Consultants
Level 4
The Read Buildings
16 Milligan Street
PERTH WA 6000

Telephone (Aust): 1300 850 505
Telephone (Overseas): +61 3 9415 4000
Auditor*

Underwriter and Lead Manager

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Tower 2
Brookfield Place
123 St Georges Terrace
PERTH WA 6000

Lazarus Corporate Finance Pty Ltd
Level 32
152-158 St Georges Terrace
PERTH WA 6000

* This entity is included for information purposes only. It has not been involved in the preparation
of this Prospectus and has not consented to being named in this Prospectus.

3515-01/2233672_1

1

2.

TIMETABLE

For personal use only

Announcement of Entitlement Offer & Appendix 3B

Friday, 3 July 2020

Lodgement of Prospectus with the ASIC

Monday, 6 July 2020

Lodgement of Prospectus with ASX

Monday, 6 July 2020

Ex-date

Wednesday, 8 July 2020

Record Date for determining Entitlements

Thursday, 9 July 2020

Prospectus despatched to Shareholders & Company
announces despatch has been completed

Tuesday, 14 July 2020

Closing Date*
Securities quoted on a deferred settlement basis
ASX notified of under subscriptions
Quotation of Securities issued under the Offer*

Tuesday, 4 August 2020
Wednesday, 5 August
2020
Friday, 7 August 2020
Tuesday, 11 August 2020

*The Directors may extend the Closing Date by giving at least 6 Business Days’ notice to ASX
prior to the Closing Date. As such the date the Securities are expected to commence
trading on ASX may vary.

3501-14/2441114_9

2

3.

IMPORTANT NOTES

For personal use only

This Prospectus is dated 6 July 2020 and was lodged with the ASIC on that date.
The ASIC and its officers take no responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus or
the merits of the investment to which this Prospectus relates.
No Securities may be issued on the basis of this Prospectus later than 13 months
after the date of this Prospectus.
No person is authorised to give information or to make any representation in
connection with this Prospectus, which is not contained in the Prospectus. Any
information or representation not so contained may not be relied on as having
been authorised by the Company in connection with this Prospectus.
It is important that investors read this Prospectus in its entirety and seek professional
advice where necessary. The Shares the subject of this Prospectus should be
considered highly speculative.
Applications for Securities offered pursuant to this Prospectus can only be
submitted on an original Entitlement and Acceptance Form or Shortfall
Application Form.
This Prospectus is a transaction specific prospectus for an offer of continuously
quoted securities (as defined in the Corporations Act) and has been prepared in
accordance with section 713 of the Corporations Act. It does not contain the
same level of disclosure as an initial public offering prospectus. In making
representations in this Prospectus regard has been had to the fact that the
Company is a disclosing entity for the purposes of the Corporations Act and
certain matters may reasonably be expected to be known to investors and
professional advisers whom potential investors may consult.
3.1

Risk factors
Potential investors should be aware that subscribing for Securities in the Company
involves a number of risks. The key risk factors of which investors should be aware
are set out in Section 7 of this Prospectus. These risks together with other general
risks applicable to all investments in listed securities not specifically referred to,
may affect the value of the Shares in the future. Accordingly, an investment in
the Company should be considered highly speculative. Investors should consider
consulting their professional advisers before deciding whether to apply for
Securities pursuant to this Prospectus.

3.2

Forward-looking statements
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements which are identified by
words such as ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘believes’, ‘estimates’, ‘targets’, ‘expects’, or
‘intends’ and other similar words that involve risks and uncertainties.
These statements are based on an assessment of present economic and
operating conditions, and on a number of assumptions regarding future events
and actions that, as at the date of this Prospectus, are expected to take place.
Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important
factors, many of which are beyond the control of our Company, the Directors and
our management.

3501-14/2441114_9

3

For personal use only

We cannot and do not give any assurance that the results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in this prospectus will actually occur and investors are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
We have no intention to update or revise forward-looking statements, or to publish
prospective financial information in the future, regardless of whether new
information, future events or any other factors affect the information contained in
this prospectus, except where required by law.
These forward looking statements are subject to various risk factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or
anticipated in these statements. These risk factors are set out in Section 7 of this
Prospectus.

3501-14/2441114_9

4

For personal use only

4.

DETAILS OF THE OFFER

4.1

The Offer
The Offer is being made as a non-renounceable entitlement issue of 1 Share for
every 16 Shares held by Shareholders registered at the Record Date at an issue
price of $0.042 per Share (together with 1 free attaching New Option for every
1 Share subscribed for and issued). Fractional entitlements will be rounded up to
the nearest whole number.
Based on the capital structure of the Company as at the date of this Prospectus,
(and assuming no existing Options are exercised prior to the Record Date) a
maximum of 39,308,982 Shares and 39,308,982 New Options will be issued pursuant
to this Offer to raise up to $1,650,977. No funds will be raised from the issue of the
New Options.
As at the date of this Prospectus the Company has 64,200,000 Options on issue, all
of which may be exercised prior to the Record Date in order to participate in the
Offer. Please refer to Section 6.2 of this Prospectus for information on the exercise
price and expiry date of the Options on issue.
All of the Shares offered under this Prospectus will rank equally with the Shares on
issue at the date of this Prospectus. Please refer to Section 6.1 for further
information regarding the rights and liabilities attaching to the Shares.
All of the New Options offered under this Prospectus will be issued on the terms
and conditions set out in Section 6.2 of this Prospectus.
All Shares issued on conversion of the New Options will rank equally with the Shares
on issue at the date of this Prospectus.
The purpose of the Offer and the intended use of funds raised are set out in
Section 5.1 of this Prospectus.

4.2

Minimum subscription
The minimum subscription in respect of the Offer is the full subscription under the
Offer. No shares will be allotted or issued until the minimum subscription has been
received. However, it is noted that the Offer is fully underwritten and that
participants in the rights issue may apply for additional Securities pursuant to the
Shortfall Offer as set out in Section 4.8. Therefore, pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement and the Shortfall Offer, it is likely that the minimum subscription in
respect of the Offer will be satisfied.
Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the minimum subscription is not
achieved within 4 months after the date of issue of this Prospectus, the Company
will either repay the Application monies to the Applicants or issue a supplementary
prospectus or replacement prospectus and allow Applicants one month to
withdraw their Application and be repaid their Application monies.

4.3

How to participate in the Offer and the Shortfall Offer
Your acceptance of the Offer must be made on the Entitlement and Acceptance
Form accompanying this Prospectus or by following the instructions for online
acceptance provided by the Company’s registry.

3501-14/2441114_9

5

For personal use only

You may participate in the Offer and (and Shortfall Offer) as follows:
(a)

accept your full Entitlement;

(b)

accept your full Entitlement and apply for Shortfall under the Shortfall
Offer;

(c)

accept part of your Entitlement; or

(d)

if you do not wish to accept all or part of your Entitlement, you are not
obliged to do anything.

The Offer is non-renounceable. Accordingly, a Shareholder may not sell or transfer
all or part of their Entitlement.
4.4

Payment

4.4.1

By BPAY®
For payment by BPAY®, please follow the instructions on the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form. You can only make a payment via BPAY® if you are the holder
of an account with an Australian financial institution that supports BPAY®
transactions. Please note that should you choose to pay by BPAY®:

4.4.2

(a)

you do not need to submit the Entitlement and Acceptance Form but are
taken to have made the declarations on that Entitlement and
Acceptance Form;

(b)

if you do not pay for your Entitlement in full, you are deemed to have
taken up your Entitlement in respect of such whole number of Shares
which is covered in full by your application monies; and

(c)

if you pay for an amount greater than your Entitlement, you are deemed
to have applied for Shortfall Securities pursuant to the Shortfall Offer (as
set out in Section 4.8) in addition to taking up your full Entitlement.

By Electronic Funds Transfer (overseas applicants)
For payment by Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) for overseas Eligible Shareholders,
please follow the instructions on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form. You can
only make a payment via EFT if you are the holder of an account that supports
EFT transactions to an Australian bank account. Please note that should you
choose to pay by EFT:
(a)

you do not need to submit the Entitlement and Acceptance Form but are
taken to have made the declarations on that Entitlement and
Acceptance Form;

(b)

if you do not pay for your Entitlement in full, you are deemed to have
taken up your Entitlement in respect of such whole number of Shares
which is covered in full by your application monies; and

(c)

if you pay for an amount greater than your Entitlement, you are deemed
to have applied for Shortfall Securities pursuant to the Shortfall Offer (as
set out in Section 4.8) in addition to taking up your full Entitlement.

3501-14/2441114_9

6

For personal use only

It is your responsibility to ensure that your BPAY® or EFT payment is received by
the share registry by no later than 4:00 pm (WST) on the Closing Date. You should
be aware that your financial institution may implement earlier cut-off times with
regards to electronic payment and you should therefore take this into
consideration when making payment.
Any application monies received for more than your final allocation of Shares
(only where the amount is $1.00 or greater) will be refunded. No interest will be
paid on any application monies received or refunded.
4.5

Underwriting and sub-underwriting
The Offer is fully underwritten by the Underwriter. Refer to Section 8.5 of this
Prospectus for details of the terms of the underwriting.
The Underwriter has notified the Company that it has entered into various subunderwriting agreements with parties to sub-underwrite its commitment under the
Underwriting Agreement. None of those sub-underwriters are related parties of
the Company, and the Underwriter will ensure that sub-underwriters will not
acquire an interest in the Offer that will result in them acquiring an amount in
excess of 19.9% of all Shares on issue on completion of the Offer.

4.6

Effect on control of the Company
The Underwriter is not a related party of the Company for the purpose of the
Corporations Act.
The Shares issued under the Offer will (assuming the maximum number of Shares
are issued under the Offer and no existing Options are exercised prior to the
Record Date) represent approximately 5.88% of the total Shares on issue at the
close of the Offer.
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Underwriter is not a shareholder of the
Company. However, the extent to which Shares are subscribed for pursuant to
the Offer may result in the Underwriter becoming a shareholder of the Company.
Given the terms of the Offer, and the commitment of the Company’s largest
shareholder to subscribe for its Entitlement (refer to Section 5.5 below), the
Underwriter will not acquire a substantial interest in the Company as a result of
underwriting the Offer.

4.7

Dilutionary effect on Shareholders
Shareholders should note that if they do not participate in the Offer, their holdings
are likely to be diluted by approximately 5.88% (as compared to their holdings
and number of Shares on issue as at the date of the Prospectus). Examples of how
the dilution may impact Shareholders assuming no New Options have been
exercised is set out in the table below:

Holder

Holding as
at Record
date

% at Record
Date

Entitlements
under the
Offer

Holdings if
Offer not
taken up

% post
Offer

Shareholder 1

10,000,000

1.59%

625,000

10,000,000

1.50%

Shareholder 2

5,000,000

0.79%

312,500

5,000,000

0.75%

Shareholder 3

1,500,000

0.24%

93,750

1,500,000

0.22%

Shareholder 4

400,000

0.06%

25,000

400,000

0.06%

3501-14/2441114_9

7

Holder
Shareholder 5

For personal use only

Total

Holding as
at Record
date

% at Record
Date

Entitlements
under the
Offer

Holdings if
Offer not
taken up

% post
Offer

50,000

0.01%

3,125

50,000

0.01%

628,943,708

39,308,982

668,252,690

Notes:

4.8

1.

Assumes no New Options have been exercised.

2.

The dilutionary effect shown in the table is the maximum percentage on the assumption
that those Entitlements not accepted are placed under the Shortfall Offer.

Shortfall Offer
Any Entitlement not taken up pursuant to the Offer will form the Shortfall Offer.
The Shortfall Offer is a separate offer made pursuant to this Prospectus and will
remain open for up to three months following the Closing Date. The issue price for
each Share to be issued under the Shortfall Offer shall be $0.042 being the price
at which Shares have been offered under the Offer.
If you do not wish to take up any part of your Entitlement you are not required to
take any action. That part of your Entitlement not taken up will form part of the
Shortfall Offer and potentially be allocated to other Eligible Shareholders or other
third parties as part of the Shortfall Offer. The Shortfall Offer will only be available
where there is a Shortfall between applications received from Eligible
Shareholders and the number of Shares proposed to be issued under the Offer.
If you wish to apply for additional Securities out of the Shortfall (Shortfall Securities)
in excess of your Entitlement pursuant to the Shortfall Offer you may do so by
completing the relevant part of the Entitlement and Acceptance Form relevant
to the Shortfall Offer.
The Board presently intends to allocate Securities under the Shortfall Offer as
follows:
(a)

to Eligible Shareholders who apply for their full Entitlement, so long as the
issue of Shortfall Shares to that Eligible Shareholder would not take their
voting power to in excess of 19.99%; and then

(b)

to the Underwriter, its nominee(s) and/or its appointed sub-underwriters.

As outlined above, no Shares will be issued to a party under the Shortfall Offer if
the effect would be to increase that party’s voting power in the Company to an
amount greater than 19.99%.
The Company reserves the right to issue an Eligible Shareholder a lesser number of
Shortfall Securities than applied for or no Shortfall Securities at all. All decisions
regarding the allocation of Shortfall Securities will be made by the Directors in
consultation with the Underwriter, who has sole discretion with respect to
allocating Shortfall Securities, and will be final and binding on all applicants under
the Shortfall Offer; as such there is no guarantee that any Securities applied for will
be issued to Eligible Shareholders.
Eligible Shareholders resident in jurisdictions outside Australia should note that their
participation in the Shortfall Offer may be restricted by Australia’s foreign
investment laws. The Company reserves the right to not issue Shortfall Shares to
3501-14/2441114_9

8

an Eligible Shareholder where it reasonably believes that doing so may infringe on
Australia’s foreign investment laws.

For personal use only

The Company will have no liability to any Applicant who receives less than the
number of additional Securities they applied for under the Shortfall Offer. If the
Company scales back any applications for Securities under the Shortfall Offer any
application monies will be returned (without interest) as soon as practicable.
4.9

ASX listing
Application for Official Quotation of the Securities offered pursuant to this
Prospectus will be made in accordance with the timetable set out at the
commencement of this Prospectus. If ASX does not grant Official Quotation of
the Securities offered pursuant to this Prospectus before the expiration of 3 months
after the date of issue of the Prospectus, (or such period as varied by the ASIC),
the Company will not issue any Securities and will repay all application monies for
the Securities within the time prescribed under the Corporations Act, without
interest.
The fact that ASX may grant Official Quotation to the Securities is not to be taken
in any way as an indication of the merits of the Company or the Securities now
offered for subscription.
The Company will not apply for Official Quotation of the Options issued under the
Offer.

4.10

Issue
Securities issued pursuant to the Offer will be issued in accordance with the ASX
Listing Rules and timetable set out at the commencement of this Prospectus.
Securities issued pursuant to the Shortfall Offer will be issued on a progressive basis.
Where the number of Shares issued is less than the number applied for, or where
no issue is made, surplus application monies will be refunded without any interest
to the Applicant as soon as practicable after the closing date of the Shortfall
Offer.
Pending the issue of the Securities or payment of refunds pursuant to this
Prospectus, all application monies will be held by the Company in trust for the
Applicants in a separate bank account as required by the Corporations Act. The
Company, however, will be entitled to retain all interest that accrues on the bank
account and each Applicant waives the right to claim interest.
Holding statements for Securities issued under the Offer will be mailed in
accordance with the ASX Listing Rules and timetable set out at the
commencement of this Prospectus and for Shortfall Securities issued under the
Shortfall Offer as soon as practicable after their issue.

4.11

Overseas shareholders
This Offer does not, and is not intended to, constitute an offer in any place or
jurisdiction in which, or to any person to whom, it would not be lawful to make
such an offer or to issue this Prospectus.
It is not practicable for the Company to comply with the securities laws of overseas
jurisdictions having regard to the number of overseas Shareholders, the number
and value of Shares these Shareholders would be offered and the cost of
complying with regulatory requirements in each relevant jurisdiction. Accordingly,

3501-14/2441114_9

9

For personal use only

the Offer is not being extended and Shares will not be issued to Shareholders with
a registered address which is outside Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong or
Singapore.
The Company also notes that, owing to recent changes to the Foreign
Acquisitions and Takeovers Regulation 2015 (Cth), overseas Eligible Shareholders
will not be permitted to participate in the Shortfall Offer if their participation would
increase that party’s voting power in the Company to an amount greater than
5%.
New Zealand
The Securities are not being offered to the public within New Zealand other than
to existing shareholders of the Company with registered addresses in New Zealand
to whom the offer of these Securities is being made in reliance on the transitional
provisions of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand) and the
Financial Markets Conduct (Incidental Offers) Exemption Notice 2016 (New
Zealand).
This Prospectus has been prepared in compliance with Australian law and has not
been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority.
This document is not a product disclosure statement under New Zealand law and
is not required to, and may not, contain all the information that a product
disclosure statement under New Zealand law is required to contain.
Hong Kong
WARNING: This document has not been, and will not be, registered as a
prospectus under the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions)
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong, nor has it been authorised by the Securities
and Futures Commission in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of the Laws of Hong Kong (SFO). No action has been taken
in Hong Kong to authorise or register this document or to permit the distribution of
this document or any documents issued in connection with it. Accordingly, the
Securities have not been and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong other than
to "professional investors" (as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that
ordinance).
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Securities has been or
will be issued, or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose
of issue, in Hong Kong or elsewhere that is directed at, or the contents of which
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted
to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to
Securities that are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong
Kong or only to professional investors. No person allotted Securities may sell, or
offer to sell, such securities in circumstances that amount to an offer to the public
in Hong Kong within six months following the date of issue of such securities.
The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any Hong Kong
regulatory authority. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer.
If you are in doubt about any contents of this document, you should obtain
independent professional advice.
Singapore
This document and any other materials relating to the Securities have not been,
and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this document and any other
3501-14/2441114_9

10

For personal use only

document or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for
subscription or purchase, of Securities, may not be issued, circulated or distributed,
nor may the Securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation
for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore
except pursuant to and in accordance with exemptions in Subdivision (4) of
Division 1, Part XIII of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore
(SFA), or as otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any
other applicable provisions of the SFA.
This document has been given to you on the basis that you are (i) an existing
holder of the Company’s shares, (ii) an “institutional investor” (as defined in the
SFA) or (iii) an “accredited investor” (as defined in the SFA). In the event that you
are not an investor falling within any of the categories set out above, please return
this document immediately. You may not forward or circulate this document to
any other person in Singapore.
Any offer is not made to you with a view to the Securities being subsequently
offered for sale to any other party. There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore that
may be applicable to investors who acquire Securities. As such, investors are
advised to acquaint themselves with the SFA provisions relating to resale
restrictions in Singapore and comply accordingly.
Nominees and custodians
Nominees and custodians may not submit an Entitlement and Acceptance Form
on behalf of any Shareholder resident outside Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong,
and Singapore without the prior consent of the Company, taking into account
relevant securities law restrictions. Return of a duly completed Entitlement and
Acceptance Form will be taken by the Company to constitute a representation
that there has been no breach of those regulations.
4.12

Enquiries
Any questions concerning the Offer should be directed to Gabriel Chiappini, NonExecutive Director and Company Secretary via Computershare on 1300 850 5050
(within Australia) or +61 3 9415 4000 (outside Australia).

3501-14/2441114_9

11

5.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFER

5.1

Purpose of the Offer

For personal use only

The purpose of the Offer is to raise up to $1,650,977. No funds will be raised from
the issue of the New Options.
The funds raised from the Offer are planned to be used in accordance with the
table set out below:
Item

Proceeds of the Offer

Full
Subscription
($)

%

1.

Progressing the Mahenge Graphite
Project including progressing
negotiations with the Tanzanian
Government with respect to its 16% free
carried interest

200,000

12.11%

2.

Progressing POSCO Strategic Alliance
and Development of the MOU

100,000

6.06%

3.

Expenses of the Offer1

150,000

9.09%

4.

Working capital2

1,200,977

72.74%

Total

1,650,977

100

Notes:
1.

Refer to Section 8.10 of this Prospectus for further details relating to the estimated expenses
of the Offer.

2.

Working capital is intended to be used to meet the Company’s ongoing corporate and
administrative costs, as well as provide available funds as required by the Company for
the ongoing development and works required to continue the development of its
Mahenge Graphite Project in Tanzania, which the Company continues to progress as
previously announced to ASX.

The above table is a statement of current intentions as of the date of this
Prospectus. As with any budget, intervening events (including exploration success
or failure) and new circumstances have the potential to affect the manner in
which the funds are ultimately applied. The Board reserves the right to alter the
way funds are applied on this basis.
5.2

Effect of the Offer
The principal effect of the Offer, assuming all Entitlements are accepted and no
Options are exercised prior to the Record Date, will be to:
(a)

increase in the net cash reserves by $1,500,977 (after deducting the
estimated expenses of the Offer) immediately after completion of the
Offer;

(b)

increase the number of Shares on issue from 628,943,708 as at the date of
this Prospectus to 668,252,690 Shares following complete of the Offer; and

(c)

increase the number of Options on issue from 64,200,000 as at the date
of this Prospectus to 103,508,982 Options following completion of the
Offer.

3501-14/2441114_9

12

5.3

Pro-forma balance sheet

For personal use only

The unaudited balance sheet as at 31 May 2020 and the unaudited pro-forma
balance sheet as at 31 May 2020 shown below have been prepared on the basis
of the accounting policies normally adopted by the Company and reflect the
changes to its financial position.
The pro-forma balance sheet has been prepared assuming all Entitlements are
accepted, no Options are exercised prior to the Record Date and including
expenses of the Offer.
The pro-forma balance sheet has been prepared to provide investors with
information on the assets and liabilities of the Company and pro-forma assets and
liabilities of the Company as noted below. The historical and pro-forma financial
information is presented in an abbreviated form, insofar as it does not include all
of the disclosures required by Australian Accounting Standards applicable to
annual financial statements.
UNAUDITED
31 May 2020

PROFORMA
31 May 2020

Cash and bank balances

874,171

2,375,1491

Trade and other receivables

50,175

50,175

Total current assets

924,346

2,425,323

Exploration & evaluation asset

22,975,546

22,975,546

Property, plant and equipment

33,725

33,725

-

-

Total non-current assets

23,009,271

23,009,271

Total assets

23,933,617

25,434,594

Trade and other payables

479,376

479,376

Provisions

57,531

57,531

Total current liabilities

536,907

536,907

Total liabilities

536,907

536,907

23,396,710

24,897,688

60,974,1901

62,475,1671 2 3

1,671,202

1,671,202

CURRENT ASSETS

Non-current assets

Other financial assets - noncurrent

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities

NET ASSETS
EQUITY
Issued capital
Foreign Currency Translation
Reserve
3501-14/2441114_9

13

SBP Reserve

For personal use only

Accumulated losses
Total equity attributable to owners

UNAUDITED
31 May 2020

PROFORMA
31 May 2020

971,914

971,914

(40,220,597)

(40,220,597)

23,396,710

24,897,687

Notes:

5.4

1.

Assumes full subscription of $1,650,977.

2.

Less a total fee of 6% the gross proceeds raised under the Offer to be paid to Lazarus
comprising a 4% underwriting fee and a 2% management fee.

3.

Less other costs of the offer of approximately $50,941. Refer to Section 8.10 for further
details of the costs of the offer.

Effect on capital structure
The effect of the Offer on the capital structure of the Company, assuming all
Entitlements are accepted and no Options are exercised prior to the Record
Date, is set out below.
Shares
Number
Shares currently on issue

628,943,708

Shares offered pursuant to the Offer

39,308,982

Total Shares on issue after completion of the Offer1

668,252,690

Notes:
1.

The Company notes that the Directors have expressed an intention, subject to approval
at the Company’s upcoming Annual General Meeting, to convert their unpaid Director
fees for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 into Shares at the Offer price of $0.042 as
set out in Section 8.7 of this Prospectus.

Options
Number
Unquoted Options currently on issue:

64,200,000

25,000,000 exercisable at $0.10 on or before 31 August 2020
5,000,000 exercisable at $0.20 on or before 14 March 2021
5,000,000 exercisable at $0.07 on or before 9 July 2021
1,000,000 exercisable at $0.10 on or before 31 October 2021
13,000,000 exercisable at $0.10 on or before 7 November 2021
3,000,000 exercisable at $0.10 on or before 18 December 2021
9,200,000 exercisable at $0.15 on or before 28 October 2022
3,000,000 exercisable at $0.15 on or before 18 November 2022
New Options offered pursuant to the Offer
(Unquoted exercisable at $0.084 on or before three years from
issue)
Total Options on issue after completion of the Offer
3501-14/2441114_9

39,308,982
103,508,982
14

The capital structure on a fully diluted basis as at the date of this Prospectus would
be 693,143,708 Shares and on completion of the Offer (assuming all Entitlements
are accepted and no Options are exercised prior to the Record Date) would be
771,761,672 Shares.

For personal use only

No Shares or Options on issue are subject to escrow restrictions, either voluntary or
ASX imposed.
5.5

Details of substantial holders
Based on publicly available information as at 3 July 2020, those persons which
(together with their associates) have a relevant interest in 5% or more of the Shares
on issue are set out below:
Shareholder

Shares

%

Copulos Group

139,983,724

22.26

As announced on 3 July 2020, the Copulos Group has given notification of its
intention to take up its Entitlement in full. The Copulos Group is not a subunderwriter of the Offer.
On the basis that the Offer is fully underwritten and the Copulos Group intends to
take up its Entitlement under the Offer, it is expected that there will be no change
to the voting power of the Copulos Group as a result of the Offer.

3501-14/2441114_9

15

For personal use only

6.

RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES ATTACHING TO SECURITIES

6.1

Shares
The following is a summary of the more significant rights and liabilities attaching to
Shares being offered pursuant to this Prospectus. This summary is not exhaustive
and does not constitute a definitive statement of the rights and liabilities of
Shareholders. To obtain such a statement, persons should seek independent legal
advice.
Full details of the rights and liabilities attaching to Shares are set out in the
Constitution, a copy of which is available for inspection at the Company’s
registered office during normal business hours.
(a)

General meetings
Shareholders are entitled to be present in person, or by proxy, attorney or
representative to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company.
Shareholders may requisition meetings in accordance with section 249D
of the Corporations Act and the Constitution of the Company.

(b)

Voting rights
Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any
class or classes of shares, at general meetings of shareholders or classes
of shareholders:

(c)

(i)

each Shareholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by
proxy, attorney or representative;

(ii)

on a show of hands, every person present who is a Shareholder
or a proxy, attorney or representative of a Shareholder has one
vote; and

(iii)

on a poll, every person present who is a Shareholder or a proxy,
attorney or representative of a Shareholder shall, in respect of
each fully paid Share held by him, or in respect of which he is
appointed a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for
each Share held, but in respect of partly paid shares shall have
such number of votes as bears the same proportion to the total
of such Shares registered in the Shareholder’s name as the
amount paid (not credited) bears to the total amounts paid and
payable (excluding amounts credited).

Dividend rights
Subject to the rights of any preference Shareholders and to the rights of
the holders of any shares created or raised under any special
arrangement as to dividend, the Directors may from time to time declare
a dividend to be paid to the Shareholders entitled to the dividend which
shall be payable on all Shares according to the proportion that the
amount paid (not credited) is of the total amounts paid and payable
(excluding amounts credited) in respect of such Shares.
The Directors may from time to time pay to the Shareholders any interim
dividends as they may determine. No dividend shall carry interest as
against the Company. The Directors may set aside out of the profits of

3501-14/2441114_9

16

For personal use only

the Company any amounts that they may determine as reserves, to be
applied at the discretion of the Directors, for any purpose for which the
profits of the Company may be properly applied.
Subject to the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act, the Company
may, by resolution of the Directors, implement a dividend reinvestment
plan on such terms and conditions as the Directors think fit and which
provides for any dividend which the Directors may declare from time to
time payable on Shares which are participating Shares in the dividend
reinvestment plan, less any amount which the Company shall either
pursuant to the Constitution or any law be entitled or obliged to retain,
be applied by the Company to the payment of the subscription price of
Shares.
(d)

Winding-up
If the Company is wound up, the liquidator may, with the authority of a
special resolution, divide among the Shareholders in kind the whole or
any part of the property of the Company, and may for that purpose set
such value as he considers fair upon any property to be so divided, and
may determine how the division is to be carried out as between the
Shareholders or different classes of Shareholders.
The liquidator may, with the authority of a special resolution, vest the
whole or any part of any such property in trustees upon such trusts for the
benefit of the contributories as the liquidator thinks fit, but so that no
Shareholder is compelled to accept any shares or other securities in
respect of which there is any liability.

(e)

Shareholder liability
As the Shares issued will be fully paid shares, they will not be subject to
any calls for money by the Directors and will therefore not become liable
for forfeiture.

(f)

Transfer of shares
Generally, shares in the Company are freely transferable, subject to
formal requirements, the registration of the transfer not resulting in a
contravention of or failure to observe the provisions of a law of Australia
and the transfer not being in breach of the Corporations Act and the ASX
Listing Rules.

(g)

Future increase in capital
The issue of any new Shares is under the control of the Directors of the
Company. Subject to restrictions on the issue or grant of Securities
contained in the ASX Listing Rules, the Constitution and the Corporations
Act (and without affecting any special right previously conferred on the
holder of an existing share or class of shares), the Directors may issue
Shares as they shall, in their absolute discretion, determine.

(h)

Variation of rights
Under section 246B of the Corporations Act, the Company may, with the
sanction of a special resolution passed at a meeting of Shareholders vary
or abrogate the rights attaching to shares.

3501-14/2441114_9

17

For personal use only

If at any time the share capital is divided into different classes of shares,
the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the terms
of issue of the shares of that class), whether or not the Company is being
wound up, may be varied or abrogated with the consent in writing of the
holders of three quarters of the issued shares of that class, or if authorised
by a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders of
the shares of that class.
(i)

Alteration of constitution
In accordance with the Corporations Act, the Constitution can only be
amended by a special resolution passed by at least three quarters of
Shareholders present and voting at the general meeting. In addition, at
least 28 days written notice specifying the intention to propose the
resolution as a special resolution must be given.

6.2

Options
(a)

Entitlement
Each Option entitles the holder to subscribe for one Share upon exercise
of the Option.

(b)

Exercise Price
Subject to paragraph (i), the amount payable upon exercise of each
Option will be $0.084 (Exercise Price).

(c)

Expiry Date
Each Option will expire at 5:00 pm (WST) on the date that is three years
from the date of issue (Expiry Date). An Option not exercised before the
Expiry Date will automatically lapse on the Expiry Date. (Based on the
indicative timetable set out in Section 2, it is anticipated that the Expiry
Date will be on or about 10 August 2023).

(d)

Exercise Period
The Options are exercisable at any time on or prior to the Expiry Date
(Exercise Period).

(e)

Notice of Exercise
The Options may be exercised during the Exercise Period by notice in
writing to the Company in the manner specified on the Option certificate
(Notice of Exercise) and payment of the Exercise Price for each Option
being exercised in Australian currency by electronic funds transfer or
other means of payment acceptable to the Company.

(f)

Exercise Date
A Notice of Exercise is only effective on and from the later of the date of
receipt of the Notice of Exercise and the date of receipt of the payment
of the Exercise Price for each Option being exercised in cleared funds
(Exercise Date).

3501-14/2441114_9

18

(g)

Timing of issue of Shares on exercise

For personal use only

Within five Business Days after the Exercise Date, the Company will:
(i)

issue the number of Shares required under these terms and
conditions in respect of the number of Options specified in the
Notice of Exercise and for which cleared funds have been
received by the Company;

(ii)

if required, give ASX a notice that complies with
section 708A(5)(e) of the Corporations Act, or, if the Company is
unable to issue such a notice, lodge with ASIC a prospectus
prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act and do all
such things necessary to satisfy section 708A(11) of the
Corporations Act to ensure that an offer for sale of the Shares
does not require disclosure to investors; and

(iii)

if admitted to the official list of ASX at the time, apply for official
quotation on ASX of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the
Options.

If a notice delivered under (g)(ii) for any reason is not effective to ensure
that an offer for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to investors,
the Company must, no later than 20 Business Days after becoming aware
of such notice being ineffective, lodge with ASIC a prospectus prepared
in accordance with the Corporations Act and do all such things
necessary to satisfy section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act to ensure
that an offer for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to investors.
(h)

Shares issued on exercise
Shares issued on exercise of the Options rank equally with the then issued
shares of the Company.

(i)

Reconstruction of capital
If at any time the issued capital of the Company is reconstructed, all rights
of an Optionholder are to be changed in a manner consistent with the
Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules at the time of the
reconstruction.

(j)

Participation in new issues
There are no participation rights or entitlements inherent in the Options
and holders will not be entitled to participate in new issues of capital
offered to Shareholders during the currency of the Options without
exercising the Options.

(k)

Change in exercise price
An Option does not confer the right to a change in Exercise Price or a
change in the number of underlying securities over which the Option can
be exercised.

3501-14/2441114_9

19

(l)

Transferability

For personal use only

The Options are transferable subject to any restriction or escrow
arrangements imposed by ASX or under applicable Australian securities
laws.

3501-14/2441114_9

20

For personal use only

7.

RISK FACTORS

7.1

Introduction
(a)

The Securities offered under this Prospectus are considered highly
speculative. An investment in the Company is not risk free and the
Directors strongly recommend potential investors to consider the risk
factors described below, together with information contained elsewhere
in this Prospectus and to consult their professional advisers before
deciding whether to apply for Securities pursuant to this Prospectus.

(b)

There are specific risks which relate directly to the Company’s business.
In addition, there are other general risks, many of which are largely
beyond the control of the Company and the Directors. The risks identified
in this section, or other risk factors, may have a material impact on the
financial performance of the Company and the market price of the
Securities.
The following is not intended to be an exhaustive list of the risk factors to
which the Company is exposed.

7.2

Company specific
(a)

POSCO Strategic Alliance & Development
As announced on 9 June 2020, the Company has entered into a
‘strategic alliance and development’ memorandum of understanding
(MOU) with the POSCO Group (POSCO) for the development of the
Mahenge Graphite Project. As at the date of the Prospectus, POSCO has
not completed its due diligence pursuant to the MOU; and the parties
have not entered into any formal development or investment
agreement, nor is POSCO obligated to enter into the investment
agreement by virtue of the MOU.
The Company notes that there is a risk that POSCO may elect not to enter
into any investment or development agreement with POSCO. If this does
not occur, the progress of the Mahenge Graphite Project may be
delayed while the Company considers alternative funding arrangements.

(b)

Risks associated with operating in Tanzania
The Projects are located in Tanzania, which is considered to be a
developing country and as such subject to emerging legal and political
systems compared with the system in place in Australia. Investing and
operating in foreign jurisdictions carry political, economic and other
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in mining and
exploration policies or the personnel administering them, nationalisation
or expropriation of property, cancellation or modification of contractual
risk, foreign exchange restrictions, currency exchange rate fluctuation,
royalty and tax increase and other risks arising out of foreign government
sovereignty over the areas in which the Company’s operations will be
conducted. Any of these factors could result in conditions that delay or
in fact prevent the Company from exploring or ultimately developing any
of the foreign projects.

3501-14/2441114_9

21

For personal use only

The Company will be exposed to the risks of operating in such a
jurisdiction, including, without limitation:
(i)

political difficulties in obtaining effective legal redress in the
courts whether in respect of a breach of law or regulation or in
an ownership dispute;

(ii)

a higher degree of discretion held by various government
officials or agencies;

(iii)

the lack of political or administrative guidance on implementing
applicable rules and regulations, particularly in relation to
taxation and property rights;

(iv)

inconsistencies or conflicts between and within various laws,
regulations, decrees, orders and resolutions; or

(v)

relative inexperience of the judiciary and court in matters
affecting the Company.

The commitment to local business people, government officials and the
judicial system to abide by legal requirements and negotiated
agreements may be more uncertain, creating particular concerns with
respect to licences and agreements for business. These may be
susceptible to revision or cancellation and legal redress may be uncertain
or delayed.
No assurance can be given regarding future stability in these or any other
country in which the Company may have an interest.
(c)

Tanzanian Free Carry Legislation
The Tanzanian Mining Code and Regulations introduced into the country
in 2017 outlined that all mining developments should make provision for
government ownership of the project via a 16% free carried interest.
On 29 April 2020 the Company announced that it had received written
formal advice from the Tanzanian Government confirming preparations
to commence formal negotiations on the structure and nature of their
16% free carried interest, expected to be in the Company’s subsidiary,
Mahenge Resources Ltd. Any delay in finalising these negotiations may
delay the ongoing development of the Company’s Mahenge Graphite
Project.

(d)

Impact of COVID-19 in Tanzania
In March 2020, the World Health Organisation declared that the COVID19 outbreak had become a pandemic. How countries have reacted to
the pandemic has differed around the world. Responses to the
pandemic have ranged from locking down citizens to avoid spread to
implementing more limited responses. If the pandemic starts to spread
throughout Tanzania and the Government forces its citizens into
lockdown, it may have various impacts on the Company and its local
employees and representatives, including limiting the Company’s
operations in Tanzania or delaying its negotiations with the Government.

3501-14/2441114_9

22

For personal use only

(e)

Additional requirements for capital risk
The Company’s capital requirements depend on numerous factors.
Depending on the Company’s ability to generate income from its
operations, the Company may require further financing in the future. Any
additional equity financing will dilute shareholdings and debt financing,
if available, may involve restrictions on financing and operating activities.
If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, the
Company may be required to reduce the scope of its operations and
scale back its mining and exploration programmes as the case may be.

(f)

Operating Risks
The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors,
including failure to locate or identify mineral deposits, failure to achieve
predicted grades in exploration and mining, operational and technical
difficulties encountered in mining, difficulties in commissioning and
operating plant
and equipment, mechanical failure or plant
breakdown, unanticipated metallurgical problems which may affect
extraction costs, adverse weather conditions, industrial
and
environmental accidents, industrial disputes and unexpected shortages
or increases in the costs of consumables, spare parts, and plant and
equipment.
No assurances can be given that the Company will achieve
commercial viability through the successful exploration of its mineral
interests. Until the Company is able to realise value from its projects, it is
likely to incur ongoing operating losses.

(g)

Exploration and development risks
The business of graphite exploration, project development and
production, by its nature, contains elements of significant risk with no
guarantee of success. Ultimate and continuous success of these activities
is dependent on many factors such as:
(i)

the discovery and/or acquisition of economically recoverable
reserves;

(ii)

access to adequate capital for project development;

(iii)

design and construction of efficient development and
production infrastructure within capital expenditure budgets;

(iv)

securing and maintaining title to interests;

(v)

obtaining consents and approvals necessary for the conduct of
exploration, development and production; and

(vi)

access to competent operational management and prudent
financial administration, including the availability and reliability
of appropriately skilled and experienced employees, contractors
and consultants.

Whether or not income will result from the existing projects or new assets,
undergoing an exploration and development program depends on
successful exploration and establishment of production facilities. Factors

3501-14/2441114_9

23

including costs and reliability and commodity prices affect successful
project development and operations.

For personal use only

Mining activities carry risk and as such, activities may be curtailed,
delayed or cancelled as a result of weather conditions, mechanical
difficulties, shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment.
Industry operating risks include fire, explosions, industrial disputes,
unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of consumables, spare
parts, plant and equipment, mechanical failure or breakdown and
environmental hazards such as accidental spills or leakages, or
geological uncertainty. The occurrence of any of these risks could result
in legal proceedings against the Company and substantial losses to the
Company due to injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of
property, natural resources or equipment, pollution or other
environmental
damage,
clean-up
responsibilities,
regulatory
investigation, and penalties or suspension of operations. Damage
occurring to third parties as a result of such risks may give rise to claims
against the Company.
There is no assurance that any exploration on current or future interests
will result in the discovery of an economic deposits. Even if an apparently
viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee that it can be
economically developed.
(h)

Contractual Risk
The Company is a party to various agreements in relation to its projects.
The ability of the Company to achieve its stated objectives will depend
on the performance by the parties of their respective obligations under
the agreements. If the parties default in the performance of its
obligations, the agreements may be terminated and it may be necessary
for the Company to approach the Court to seek a legal remedy. Legal
action can be costly and there can be no guarantee that a legal remedy
will ultimately be granted on appropriate terms.

(i)

Reliance on key personnel and the need to attract qualified staff
The Company’s success depends on the core competencies of its
Directors and management team to operate in the resource and mining
industry. The loss of one or more of these persons could adversely affect
the growth prospects, operating results and financial performance of the
Company.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to attract or
retain sufficiently qualified personnel on a timely basis or retain its key
management personnel.

(j)

Competition risk
The Company will be participating in a highly competitive market.
However, there are few if any specific competitors who have a dominant
market share and dictate the structure or practices in the market.
The fact that there are no dominant competitors makes market entry and
penetration easier but not without the need to ensure that the Company
can position and differentiate itself to gain market share. There is no
certainty that the Company will be successful in this market.

3501-14/2441114_9

24

(k)

Tenure and access for tenement in Tanzania

For personal use only

Mining and exploration tenements in Tanzania are subject to periodic
renewal. Where a licensee has met the terms of the grant, renewal will
not be denied. However, if development conditions are not met there is
no guarantee that current or future tenements or future applications for
production tenements will be approved.
(l)

Compulsory work obligations for tenements in Tanzania
Tenements in Tanzania are subject to expenditure and work
commitments which must be met in order to keep such tenements in
good standing. If there is a failure to meet the commitments, this could
lead to forfeiture of the particular tenement.

(m)

Environmental and other regulatory risks
Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner which will likely require
stricter standard and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for noncompliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed
projects and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and
their officers, directors and employees. There can be no assurance that
future changes in environmental regulations in Tanzania, if any, will not
materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations.
Various governmental approvals and permits will also be required in
connection with various aspects of the Company’s operations from time
to time. To the extent such approvals or permits are required and not
obtained; the Company may be delayed or prevented from proceeding
with planned exploration or development.

7.3

General risks
(a)

Coronavirus (COVID-19)
The outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is impacting global
economic markets. The nature and extent of the effect of the outbreak
on the performance of the Company remains unknown. The Company’s
Share price may be adversely affected in the short to medium term by
the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19.
Further, any
governmental or industry measures taken in response to COVID-19 may
adversely impact the Company’s operations and are likely to be beyond
the control of the Company.
The Directors are monitoring the situation closely and have considered
the impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s business and financial
performance. However, the situation is continually evolving, and the
consequences are therefore inevitably uncertain. If any of these impacts
appear material prior to close of the Offer, the Company will notify
investors under a supplementary prospectus.

(b)

Potential acquisitions risk
As part of its business strategy, the Company may make acquisitions of,
or significant investments in, complementary companies or prospects
although no such acquisitions or investments are currently planned. Any

3501-14/2441114_9

25

such transactions will be accompanied by risks commonly encountered
in making such acquisitions.

For personal use only

(c)

Economic risks
General economic conditions and movements in interest, inflation and
currency exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the Company’s
exploration, development and production activities, as well as on its
ability to fund those activities.

(d)

Market conditions risk
Share market conditions may affect the value of the Company’s quoted
securities regardless of the Company’s operating performance. Share
market conditions are affected by many factors such as:
(i)

general economic outlook;

(ii)

interest rates and inflation rates;

(iii)

currency fluctuations;

(iv)

changes in investor sentiment toward particular market sectors;

(v)

the demand for, and supply of, capital; and

(vi)

terrorism or other hostilities.

The market price of securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject
to varied and unpredictable influences on the market for equities in
general and resource exploration stocks in particular.
(e)

General economic and political risks
Changes in the general economic and political climate in Australia,
Tanzania and on a global basis may impact on economic growth, interest
rates, the rate of inflation, taxation and tariff laws, domestic security
which may affect the value and viability of any financial services activities
that may be conducted by the Company.

(f)

Competition Risk
The industry in which the Company will be involved is subject to
domestic and global competition.
Although the Company will
undertake all reasonable due diligence in its business decisions and
operations, the Company will have no influence or control over the
activities or actions of its competitors, which activities or actions may,
positively or negatively, affect the operating and financial performance
of the Company’s projects and business.

(g)

Force Majeure
The Company’s projects now or in the future may be adversely affected
by risks outside the control of the Company including labour unrest,
civil disorder, war, subversive activities or sabotage, fires, floods,
explosions or other catastrophes, epidemics or quarantine restrictions.

3501-14/2441114_9

26

(h)

Regulatory risk
Changes in relevant taxes, legal and administration regimes, accounting
practice and government policies may adversely affect the financial
performance of the Company.

For personal use only

(i)

Insurance risk
Insurance against all risks associated with the Company’s activities is not
always available or affordable. The Company will maintain insurance
where it is considered appropriate for its needs. However, it will not be
insured against all risks either because appropriate cover is not available
or because the Directors consider the required premiums to be excessive
having regard to the benefits that would accrue.

(j)

Investment speculative
The above list of risk factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the
risks faced by the Company or by investors in the Company. The above
factors, and others not specifically referred to above, may in the future
materially affect the financial performance of the Company and the
value of the Securities offered under this Prospectus
Therefore, the Securities to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus carry no
guarantee with respect to the payment of dividends, returns of capital or
the market value of those Securities.
Potential investors should consider that the investment in the Company is
highly speculative and should consult their professional advisers before
deciding whether to apply for Securities pursuant to this Prospectus.

3501-14/2441114_9

27

For personal use only

8.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

8.1

Litigation
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Company is not involved in any legal
proceedings and the Directors are not aware of any legal proceedings pending
or threatened against the Company.

8.2

Continuous disclosure obligations
The Company is a “disclosing entity” (as defined in section 111AC of the
Corporations Act) for the purposes of section 713 of the Corporations Act and, as
such, is subject to regular reporting and disclosure obligations. Specifically, like all
listed companies, the Company is required to continuously disclose any
information it has to the market which a reasonable person would expect to have
a material effect on the price or the value of the Company’s securities.
This Prospectus is a “transaction specific prospectus”. In general terms a
“transaction specific prospectus” is only required to contain information in relation
to the effect of the issue of securities on a company and the rights attaching to
the securities. It is not necessary to include general information in relation to all of
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses or prospects of the
issuing company.
This Prospectus is intended to be read in conjunction with the publicly available
information in relation to the Company which has been notified to ASX and does
not include all of the information that would be included in a prospectus for an
initial public offering of securities in an entity that is not already listed on a stock
exchange. Investors should therefore have regard to the other publicly available
information in relation to the Company before making a decision whether or not
to invest.
Having taken such precautions and having made such enquires as are
reasonable, the Company believes that it has complied with the general and
specific requirements of ASX as applicable from time to time throughout the 3
months before the issue of this Prospectus which required the Company to notify
ASX of information about specified events or matters as they arise for the purpose
of ASX making that information available to the stock market conducted by ASX.
Information that is already in the public domain has not been reported in this
Prospectus other than that which is considered necessary to make this Prospectus
complete.
The Company, as a disclosing entity under the Corporations Act states that:
(a)

it is subject to regular reporting and disclosure obligations;

(b)

copies of documents lodged with the ASIC in relation to the Company
(not being documents referred to in section 1274(2)(a) of the
Corporations Act) may be obtained from, or inspected at, the offices of
the ASIC; and

(c)

it will provide a copy of each of the following documents, free of charge,
to any person on request between the date of issue of this Prospectus
and the Closing Date:
(i)

3501-14/2441114_9

the annual financial report most recently lodged by the
Company with the ASIC;
28

For personal use only

(ii)

any half-year financial report lodged by the Company with the
ASIC after the lodgement of the annual financial report referred
to in (i) and before the lodgement of this Prospectus with the
ASIC; and

(iii)

any continuous disclosure documents given by the Company to
ASX in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules as referred to in
section 674(1) of the Corporations Act after the lodgement of the
annual financial report referred to in (i) and before the
lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC.

Copies of all documents lodged with the ASIC in relation to the Company can be
inspected at the registered office of the Company during normal office hours.
Details of documents lodged by the Company with ASX since the date of
lodgement of the Company’s latest annual financial report and before the
lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC are set out in the table below.
Date

Description of Announcement

03/07/2020

Proposed issue of Securities – BKT

03/07/2020

Underwritten Non-Renounceable Entitlement Offer

01/07/2020

Trading Halt

29/06/2020

Tanzanian Investment Bank Commences Due Diligence

09/06/2020

Reinstatement to Official Quotation

09/06/2020

Black Rock signs POSCO Strategic Alliance & Development MOU

01/06/2020

Suspension Extension

26/05/2020

Suspension from Official Quotation

22/05/2020

Trading Halt

22/05/2020

Pause in Trading

18/05/2020

Quarterly Tenement Summary

11/05/2020

Completes Resettlement Action Plan Field Activities

30/04/2020

Quarterly Activities Report & Cashflow

29/04/2020

Tanzania Initiates Formal Free Carry Interest Negotiations

27/03/2020

Black Rock Mining Shareholder update from Managing Director

19/03/2020

Black Rock Mining Investor Presentation

11/03/2020

Half Year Accounts

04/02/2020

Investor Presentation - Cape Town 121

03/02/2020

Black Rock Mining Mahenge Permitting Update

30/01/2020

Quarterly Activities Report and Cashflow

22/01/2020

Black Rock signs EPC Framework Agreement

21/01/2020

Appendix 4G

21/01/2020

Corporate Governance Plan

15/01/2020

Shareholder Letter from the Managing Director

18/11/2019

Change of Director's Interest Notice - Chiappini

3501-14/2441114_9

29

For personal use only

Date

Description of Announcement

18/11/2019

Change of Director's Interest Notice - Murray

18/11/2019

Change of Director's Interest Notice - Crookes

18/11/2019

Change of Director's Interest Notice - de Vries

18/11/2019

Director Placement & Appendix 3B

12/11/2019

Change in substantial holding

29/10/2019

September 2019 Quarterly Activities & Cash Flow Report

28/10/2019

Results of AGM

17/10/2019

Black Rock Mining 121 Conference Investor Presentation

01/10/2019

Corporate Governance Update

27/09/2019

Black Rock Mining AGM Notice of Meeting

25/09/2019

2019 Annual Report

ASX maintains files containing publicly available information for all listed
companies. The Company’s file is available for inspection at ASX during normal
office hours.
The announcements are also available through the Company’s website
www.blackrockmining.com.au.
8.3

Market price of shares
The Company is a disclosing entity for the purposes of the Corporations Act and
its Shares are enhanced disclosure securities quoted on ASX.
The highest, lowest and last market sale prices of the Shares on ASX during the
three months immediately preceding the date of lodgement of this Prospectus
with the ASIC and the respective dates of those sales were:

8.4

Highest

$0.081

9 June 2020

Lowest

$0.036

4 May 2020

Last

$0.055

3 July 2020

Material contracts
The following are summaries of the significant terms of the material agreements
which relate to the business of the Company.

8.5

Underwriting Agreement
By an agreement between the Underwriter and the Company
(Underwriting Agreement), the Underwriter has agreed to fully underwrite the
Offer. The Company has agreed to pay the Underwriter an underwriting fee of
4% of the total gross amount raised under the Offer. The remaining condition to
the Underwriting Agreement is the lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC.

3501-14/2441114_9

30

The obligation of the Underwriter to underwrite the Offer is subject to certain
events of termination. The Underwriter may terminate its obligations under the
Underwriting Agreement (without cost or liability to it) if:

For personal use only

(a)

Company default
The Company fails to perform an obligation under the Underwriting
Agreement.

(b)

Indices fall)
Either of the S&P ASX 200 or the S&P ASX 300 Index (each, an Index) as
published by ASX closes at any time after the date of the Underwriting
Agreement, at a level that is 12.5% or more below the level of the Index
at the close of trading on the business day before the date of the
Underwriting Agreement.

(c)

Offer Document
The Company does not dispatch the Prospectus to Shareholders on the
despatch date set out in the timetable in Section 2 of this Prospectus, or
another date agreed upon between the Company and the Underwriter
in writing, or the Prospectus or the Offer is withdrawn by the Company.

(d)

(e)

Supplementary Prospectus
(i)

the Underwriter, having elected not to exercise its right to
terminate its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement as a
result of an occurrence as described in clause 8.5(p)(v), forms
the view on reasonable grounds that a Supplementary
Prospectus should be lodged with ASIC for any of the reasons
referred to in section 719 of the Corporations Act and the
Company fails to lodge a Supplementary Prospectus in such form
and content and within such time as the Underwriter may
reasonably require; or

(ii)

the Company lodges a Supplementary Prospectus without the
prior written agreement of the Underwriter.

Offer Materials
A statement contained in the Offer Materials (as defined in the
Underwriting Agreement) is or becomes misleading or deceptive or likely
to mislead or deceive, or the Prospectus omits any information that it is
required to contain (having regard to the provisions of section 713 of the
Corporations Act and any other applicable requirements).

(f)

No Listing Approval
The Company fails to lodge an Appendix 3B in relation to the
Underwritten Securities with ASX by the time required by the Listing Rules,
the Corporations Act or any other regulations.

3501-14/2441114_9

31

(g)

No Official Quotation

For personal use only

ASX has advised the Company that it will or may not grant official
quotation to the underwritten securities on or prior to the shortfall
announcement date set out in the timetable in Section 2 of this
Prospectus (Shortfall Notice Deadline Date).
(h)

Proceedings
ASX, ASIC or any other person proposes to conduct any enquiry,
investigation or proceedings, or to take any regulatory action or to seek
any remedy, in connection with the Offer Materials, or publicly
foreshadows that it may do so.

(i)

Unable to issue Shares
The Company is prevented from issuing the Underwritten Securities within
the time required by this Underwriting Agreement, the Corporations Act,
the Listing Rules, any statute, regulation or order of a court of competent
jurisdiction by ASIC, ASX or any court of competent jurisdiction or any
governmental or semi-governmental agency or authority.

(j)

Future matters
Any statement or estimate in the Offer Materials, which relates to a future
matter is or becomes incapable of being met or, in the reasonable
opinion of the Underwriter, unlikely to be met in the projected timeframe.

(k)

ASIC application
An application is made by ASIC for an order under section 1324B or any
other provision of the Corporations Act in relation to the Offer Materials,
the Shortfall Notice Deadline Date has arrived, and that application has
not been dismissed or withdrawn.

(l)

No Quotation Approval
The Company fails to lodge an Appendix 3B in relation to the
Underwritten Securities with ASX by the time required by the Corporations
Act, the Listing Rules or any other regulation.

(m)

Takeovers Panel
The Takeovers Panel makes a declaration that circumstances in relation
to the affairs of the Company are unacceptable circumstances under Pt
6.10 of the Corporations Act, which in the Underwriter’s reasonable
opinion has a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement).

(n)

Authorisation
Any authorisation which is material to anything referred to in the
Prospectus is repealed, revoked or terminated or expires, or is modified or
amended in a manner unacceptable to the Underwriter acting
reasonably.

3501-14/2441114_9

32

(o)

Indictable offence
A director of the Company is charged with an indictable offence.

(p)

Termination Events

For personal use only

Subject to the Underwriter reaching an opinion in good faith that, any of
the following events has or is likely to have, or could reasonably be
expected to have, a material adverse effect or could give rise to the
liability of the Underwriter under the Corporations Act:
(i)

Hostilities
There is an outbreak of hostilities or a material escalation of
hostilities (whether or not war has been declared) after the date
of this Underwriting Agreement involving one or more of Australia,
New Zealand, Indonesia, Japan, Russia, the United Kingdom, the
United
States
of
America,
India,
Pakistan,
the
Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Peoples Republic of
China, any member of the European Union or Tanzania.

(ii)

Default
Default or breach by the Company under this Underwriting
Agreement of any terms, condition, covenant or undertaking.

(iii)

Incorrect or untrue representation
Any representation, warranty or undertaking given by the
Company in this Underwriting Agreement is or becomes untrue
or incorrect in a material respect.

(iv)

Contravention of constitution or Act
A contravention by the Company and any of its subsidiaries
(Relevant Company) of any provision of its constitution, the
Corporations Act, the Listing Rules or any other applicable
legislation or any policy or requirement of ASIC or ASX.

(v)

Adverse change
An event occurs which gives rise to a Material Adverse Effect or
any adverse change or any development including a
prospective adverse change after the date of this Underwriting
Agreement in the assets, liabilities, financial position, trading
results, profits, forecasts, losses, prospects, business or operations
of any Relevant Company.

(vi)

Error in Due Diligence Results
It transpires that any of the due diligence was materially false,
misleading or deceptive or that there was a material omission
from them.

3501-14/2441114_9

33

(vii)

Public statements

For personal use only

without the prior approval of the Underwriter a public statement
is made by the Company in relation to the Offer or the
Prospectus, other than a statement the Company is required to
make in order to ensure its disclosure obligations under the Listing
Rules and the Corporations Act.
(viii)

Misleading information
Any information supplied at any time by the Company or any
person on its behalf to the Underwriter in respect of any aspect
of the Offer or the affairs of any Relevant Company is or
becomes misleading or deceptive or likely to mislead or deceive.

(ix)

Official Quotation qualified
The official quotation is qualified or conditional other than as set
out in the Underwriting Agreement.

(x)

Change in Act or policy
There is introduced, or there is a public announcement of a
proposal to introduce, into the Parliament of Australia or any of
its States or Territories any Act or prospective Act or budget or the
Reserve Bank of Australia or any Commonwealth or State
authority adopts or announces a proposal to adopt any new, or
any major change in, existing, monetary, taxation, exchange or
fiscal policy.

(xi)

Prescribed Occurrence
A prescribed occurrence (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement) which significantly alters the structure, assets or
share capital of the Company.

(xii)

Suspension of debt payments
The Company suspends payment of its debts generally.

(xiii)

Event of Insolvency
An event of insolvency occurs in respect of a Relevant
Company.

(xiv)

Judgment against a Relevant Company
A judgment in an amount exceeding $100,000 is obtained
against a Relevant Company and is not set aside or satisfied
within 7 days.

(xv)

Litigation
Litigation, arbitration, administrative or industrial proceedings are
after the date of this Underwriting Agreement commenced
against any Relevant Company.

3501-14/2441114_9

34

(xvi)

Board and senior management composition

For personal use only

There is a change in the composition of the Board or a change
in the senior management of the Company before the date of
issue of the Underwritten Securities without the prior written
consent of the Underwriter (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld).
(xvii)

Change in shareholdings
There is a material change in the major or controlling
shareholdings of a Relevant Company (other than as a result of
the Offer, a matter disclosed in the Prospectus) or a takeover
offer or scheme of arrangement pursuant to Chapter 5 or 6 of
the Corporations Act is publicly announced in relation to a
Relevant Company.

(xviii)

Timetable
There is a delay in any specified date in the Timetable which is
greater than 2 Business Days.

(xix)

Force Majeure
A Force Majeure affecting the Company's business or any
obligation under the Underwriting Agreement lasting in excess of
7 days occurs.

(xx)

Certain resolutions passed
A Relevant Company passes or takes any steps to pass a
resolution under section 254N, section 257A or section 260B of the
Corporations Act or a resolution to amend its constitution without
the prior written consent of the Underwriter.

(xxi)

Capital Structure
Any Relevant Company alters its capital structure in any manner
not contemplated by the Prospectus.

(xxii)

Breach of Material Contracts
Any of the Contracts are terminated or substantially modified.

(xxiii)

Market Conditions
A suspension or material limitation in trading generally on ASX
occurs or any material adverse change or disruption occurs in
the existing financial markets, political or economic conditions of
Australia, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States of
America or other international financial markets.

The Underwriting Agreement also contains a number of indemnities,
representations and warranties from the Company to the Underwriter that are
considered standard for an agreement of this type.

3501-14/2441114_9

35

8.6

Mandate letter

For personal use only

The Company has entered into a mandate agreement with the Lead Manager
pursuant to which the Company has appointed Lazarus as the lead manager to
the Company (Lead Manager Mandate), the material terms and conditions of
which are as follows:
(a)

Term
Lazarus’ engagement is effective from 24 June 2020 and will continue
until the day following the issue of all Shares pursuant to the Offer unless
otherwise terminated by either party pursuant to the terms of the Lead
Manager Mandate.

(b)

Management Fee
The Lead Manager Mandate also contemplates that Lazarus is engaged
as Underwriter to the Offer and that, subject to the terms of the
Underwriting Agreement, Lazarus will receive a total fee of 6% of the gross
proceeds of the Offer, comprising:

(c)

(i)

2% management fee for lead manager services provided in
connection with the Offer; and

(ii)

4% fee as consideration for the underwriting obligation
undertaken by Lazarus pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement.

Expenses
The Company agrees to reimburse Lazarus for any out of pocket costs
and expenses reasonably incurred by Lazarus under the Lead Manager
Mandate (Costs). The written consent of the Company must be obtained
before Lazarus incurs any individual Costs in excess of $2,000 during the
course of its duties.

(d)

Termination
The engagement will terminate on the day following the issue of all Shares
pursuant to the Offer, or by giving one (1) day written notice by Lazarus
in the event of a material adverse change with respect to the Company
or the conditions of the Offer.

The Lead Manager Mandate also contains such other terms as are considered
standard for an agreement of this nature (including confidentiality provisions,
representations and warranties).
8.7

Interests of Directors
Other than as set out in this Prospectus, no Director or proposed Director holds, or
has held within the 2 years preceding lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC,
any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company;

(b)

any property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in
connection with:
(i)

3501-14/2441114_9

its formation or promotion; or
36

(ii)
(c)

the Offer.

the Offer,

For personal use only

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid and no benefits have
been given or agreed to be given to a Director or proposed Director:
(d)

as an inducement to become, or to qualify as, a Director; or

(e)

for services provided in connection with:
(i)

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

(ii)

the Offer.

Security holdings
The relevant interest of each of the Directors in the securities of the Company as
at the date of this Prospectus, together with their respective Entitlement, is set out
in the table below.
Director

Shares1

Options

Entitlement

$

Richard Crookes

2,705,357

9,900,000

169,085

7,101.57

John de Vries

4,033,928

13,600,000

252,121

10,589.08

Ian Murray

5,794,420

4,600,000

362,152

15,210.38

Gabriel Chiappini

6,892,857

9,100,000

430,804

18,093.77

Notes:
1.

As set out in the ‘Temporary Fee Reduction’ section below, it is noted that the Directors
have expressed an intention, subject to approval at the Company’s upcoming Annual
General Meeting, to convert some or all their unpaid Director fees for the financial year
ended 30 June 2020 into Shares at the Offer price of $0.042. This issue will result in an
increase to the relevant interest of each Director who elects to convert their unpaid fees
into Shares.

The Board recommends all Shareholders take up their Entitlement and advises that
all Directors intend to take up their respective Entitlements.
Remuneration
The remuneration of an executive Director is decided by the Board, without the
affected executive Director participating in that decision-making process. The
total maximum remuneration of non-executive Directors is initially set by the
Constitution and subsequent variation is by ordinary resolution of Shareholders in
general meeting in accordance with the Constitution, the Corporations Act and
the ASX Listing Rules, as applicable. The determination of non-executive Directors’
remuneration within that maximum will be made by the Board having regard to
the inputs and value to the Company of the respective contributions by each
non-executive Director. The current amount has been set at an amount not to
exceed $350,000 per annum.
A Director may be paid fees or other amounts (i.e. non-cash performance
incentives such as Options, subject to any necessary Shareholder approval) as the
other Directors determine where a Director performs special duties or otherwise
performs services outside the scope of the ordinary duties of a Director. In
addition, Directors are also entitled to be paid reasonable travelling, hotel and
3501-14/2441114_9

37

other expenses incurred by them respectively in or about the performance of their
duties as Directors.

For personal use only

The following table shows the total (and proposed) emoluments paid to both
executive and non-executive directors.
Director

FY ended 30 June
20201

FY ended 30 June
2019

FY ended 30 June
2018

Richard Crookes

$165,803

$169,433

$137,368

John de Vries

$487,631

$512,116

$432,379

Ian Murray

$131,032

$20,6922

-

Gabriel Chiappini

$122,084

$108,366

$128,250

Notes:
1.

Refer to ‘Temporary Fee Reduction’ below for further details of the Board’s remuneration
for the financial year ended 30 June 2020. Remuneration for FY18, FY19 & FY20 includes
the value under accounting standards of options issued to directors as approved by
shareholders, please refer to the “Temporary Fee Reduction” table below for the FY20
analysis.

2.

Mr Murray was appointed on 2 May 2019.

Temporary Fee Reduction
As announced on 27 March 2020, the Directors have agreed to reduce the cash
remuneration levels set out in their respective remuneration packages to 25%. This
temporary fee reduction was implemented in order to preserve existing cash
amounts in light to the turbulent state of the financial market, owing to the COVID19 pandemic.
The fee reduction came into effect from 1 April 2020 and the Directors expect that
it may end on 30 September 2020. However, the Directors may decide to extend
their fee reduction in the interest of further preserving cash in the Company.
Upon the conclusion of the fee reduction, the Directors are entitled to receive
their unpaid accruals of Director fees. However, the Non-Executive Directors have
expressed an interest to convert some or all of their accrued fees into Shares in
the Company. Any such conversion will be subject to the approval of the
Company’s Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting later in 2020.
The following table shows the breakdown of Director fees paid to both executive
and non-executive directors for the financial year ended 30 June 2020.
Director

Cash paid
$

Accrued2
$

Options
$

73,000

36,500

56,303

233,3131

105,188

84,130

Ian Murray

48,180

24,090

58,762

$131,032

Gabriel
Chiappini

44,000

22,000

56,084

$122,084

Richard
Crookes
John de Vries

3501-14/2441114_9

Bonus shares
$

Total
$
$165,803

37,5003

$487,631

38

For personal use only

Notes:

8.8

1.

Comprising a short-term incentive cash payment of $37,500 to Mr de Vries, which was
approved by the Board and announced at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held
29 October 2019.

2.

Messrs Crookes, Murray, and Chiappini have resolved, subject to Shareholder approval at
the Company’s upcoming Annual General Meeting, to convert their accrued Director fees
(set out in the ‘cash accrued’ column above) into Shares at the Offer price of $0.042.

3.

Comprising an issue of Shares in the Company with a total value of $37,500 as a short-term
incentive payment to Mr de Vries, which was approved by shareholders at the Company’s
Annual General Meeting held 29 October 2019.

Interests of experts and advisers
Other than as set out below or elsewhere in this Prospectus, no:
(a)

person named in this Prospectus as performing a function in a
professional, advisory or other capacity in connection with the
preparation or distribution of this Prospectus;

(b)

promoter of the Company; or

(c)

underwriter (but not a sub-underwriter) to the issue or a financial services
licensee named in this Prospectus as a financial services licensee involved
in the issue,

holds, or has held within the 2 years preceding lodgement of this Prospectus with
the ASIC, any interest in:
(d)

the formation or promotion of the Company;

(e)

any property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in
connection with:

(f)

(i)

its formation or promotion; or

(ii)

the Offer.

the Offer,

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid and no benefits have
been given or agreed to be given to any of these persons for services provided in
connection with:
(g)

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

(h)

the Offer.

Lazarus Corporate Finance Pty Ltd will be paid a total of approximately $99,059 in
fees under its mandate and Underwriting Agreement comprising $66,039 together
with a $33,020 management fee in respect of this Offer. During the 24 months
preceding lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC, Lazarus Corporate Finance
Pty Ltd has not been paid any other fees by the Company.
Steinepreis Paganin has acted as the solicitors to the Company in relation to the
Offer. The Company estimates it will pay Steinepreis Paganin $15,000 (excluding
GST and disbursements) for these services. During the 24 months preceding
lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC, Steinepreis Paganin has been paid

3501-14/2441114_9

39

fees totalling $31,793 (excluding GST and disbursements) for legal services
provided to the Company.

For personal use only

8.9

Consents
Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act imposes a liability regime on the Company
(as the offeror of the Securities), the Directors, the persons named in the
Prospectus with their consent as Proposed Directors, any underwriters, persons
named in the Prospectus with their consent having made a statement in the
Prospectus and persons involved in a contravention in relation to the Prospectus,
with regard to misleading and deceptive statements made in the Prospectus,
Although the Company bears primary responsibility for the Prospectus, the other
parties involved in the preparation of the Prospectus can also be responsible for
certain statements made in it.
Each of the parties referred to in this section:

8.10

(a)

does not make, or purport to make, any statement in this Prospectus other
than those referred to in this section;

(b)

in light of the above, only to the maximum extent permitted by law,
expressly disclaim and take no responsibility for any part of this Prospectus
other than a reference to its name and a statement included in this
Prospectus with the consent of that party as specified in this section;

(c)

Lazarus Corporate Finance Pty Ltd has given its written consent to being
named as underwriter and Lead Manager to the Offer in this Prospectus,
in the form and context in which it is named;

(d)

Lazarus Corporate Finance Pty Ltd (including its related entities) is not a
Shareholder of the Company and currently has no relevant interest in any
of the Company’s securities; and

(e)

Steinepreis Paganin has given its written consent to being named as the
solicitors to the Company in this Prospectus. Steinepreis Paganin has not
withdrawn its consent prior to the lodgement of this Prospectus with the
ASIC.

Expenses of the offer
In the event that all Entitlements are accepted, the total expenses of the Offer
are estimated to be approximately $150,000 (excluding GST) and are expected
to be applied towards the items set out in the table below:
ASIC fees
ASX fees
Management and Underwriting fees
Printing and distribution
Legal fees
Miscellaneous
Total

3501-14/2441114_9

$
3,206
7,705
99,000
15,000
15,000
10,089
150,000

40

For personal use only

8.11

Electronic prospectus
If you have received this Prospectus as an electronic Prospectus, please ensure
that you have received the entire Prospectus accompanied by the Application
Forms. If you have not, please phone the Company on +61 9389 4415 and the
Company will send you, for free, either a hard copy or a further electronic copy
of the Prospectus, or both. Alternatively, you may obtain a copy of this Prospectus
from the Company’s website at www.blackrockmining.com.au.
The Company reserves the right not to accept an Application Form from a person
if it has reason to believe that when that person was given access to the electronic
Application Form, it was not provided together with the electronic Prospectus and
any relevant supplementary or replacement prospectus or any of those
documents were incomplete or altered.

8.12

Financial forecasts
The Directors have considered the matters set out in ASIC Regulatory Guide 170
and believe that they do not have a reasonable basis to forecast future earnings
on the basis that the operations of the Company are inherently uncertain.
Accordingly, any forecast or projection information would contain such a broad
range of potential outcomes and possibilities that it is not possible to prepare a
reliable best estimate forecast or projection.

8.13

Clearing House Electronic Sub-Register System (CHESS) and Issuer Sponsorship
The Company will not be issuing share or option certificates. The Company is a
participant in CHESS, for those investors who have, or wish to have, a sponsoring
stockbroker. Investors who do not wish to participate through CHESS will be issuer
sponsored by the Company. Because the sub-registers are electronic, ownership
of securities can be transferred without having to rely upon paper
documentation.
Electronic registers mean that the Company will not be issuing certificates to
investors. Instead, investors will be provided with a statement (similar to a bank
account statement) that sets out the number of Shares issued to them under this
Prospectus. The notice will also advise holders of their Holder Identification
Number or Security Holder Reference Number and explain, for future reference,
the sale and purchase procedures under CHESS and issuer sponsorship.
Further monthly statements will be provided to holders if there have been any
changes in their security holding in the Company during the preceding month.

8.14

Privacy Act
If you complete an application for Securities, you will be providing personal
information to the Company (directly or by the Company’s share registry). The
Company collects, holds and will use that information to assess your application,
service your needs as a holder of equity securities in the Company, facilitate
distribution payments and corporate communications to you as a Shareholder
and carry out administration.
The information may also be used from time to time and disclosed to persons
inspecting the register, bidders for your securities in the context of takeovers,
regulatory bodies, including the Australian Taxation Office, authorised securities
brokers, print service providers, mail houses and the Company’s share registry.

3501-14/2441114_9

41

For personal use only

You can access, correct and update the personal information that we hold about
you. Please contact the Company or its share registry if you wish to do so at the
relevant contact numbers set out in this Prospectus.
Collection, maintenance and disclosure of certain personal information is
governed by legislation including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (as amended), the
Corporations Act and certain rules such as the ASX Settlement Operating Rules.
You should note that if you do not provide the information required on the
application for Securities, the Company may not be able to accept or process
your application.

3501-14/2441114_9

42

9.

DIRECTORS’ AUTHORISATION

For personal use only

This Prospectus is issued by the Company and its issue has been authorised by a
resolution of the Directors.
In accordance with section 720 of the Corporations Act, each Director has
consented to the lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC.
_______________________________
John de Vries
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
For and on behalf of
Black Rock Mining Limited

3501-14/2441114_9

43

10.

GLOSSARY

For personal use only

$ means the lawful currency of the Commonwealth of Australia.
Applicant means a Shareholder who applies for Shares pursuant to the Offer or a
Shareholder or other party who applies for Shortfall Shares pursuant to the Shortfall
Offer.
Application Form means an Entitlement and Acceptance Form or Shortfall
Application Form as the context requires.
ASIC means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) or the financial market operated by it
as the context requires.
ASX Listing Rules means the listing rules of the ASX.
ASX Settlement Operating Rules means the settlement rules of the securities
clearing house which operates CHESS.
Board means the board of Directors unless the context indicates otherwise.
Business Day means Monday to Friday inclusive, except New Year’s Day,
Good Friday, Easter Monday, Christmas Day, Boxing Day and any other day that
ASX declares is not a business day.
Closing Date means the date specified in the timetable set out at the
commencement of this Prospectus (unless extended).
Company means Black Rock Mining Limited (ACN 094 551 336).
Constitution means the constitution of the Company as at the date of this
Prospectus.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Directors means the directors of the Company as at the date of this Prospectus.
Entitlement means the entitlement of a Shareholder who is eligible to participate
in the Offer.
Entitlement and Acceptance Form means the entitlement and acceptance form
either attached to or accompanying this Prospectus.
New Option means an Option issued on the terms set out in Section 6.2 of this
Prospectus.
Offer means the non-renounceable entitlement issue the subject of this
Prospectus.
Official Quotation means official quotation on ASX.
Option means an option to acquire a Share.
Optionholder means a holder of an Option.
Prospectus means this prospectus.
3501-14/2441114_9

44

Record Date means the date specified in the timetable set out at the
commencement of this Prospectus.
Securities means Shares and/or New Options offered pursuant to the Entitlement.

For personal use only

Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company.
Shareholder means a holder of a Share.
Shortfall means the Shares not applied for under the Offer (if any).
Shortfall Application Form means the shortfall application form either attached to
or accompanying this Prospectus.
Shortfall Offer means the offer of the Shortfall on the terms and conditions set out
in Section 4.8 of this Prospectus.
Shortfall Securities means those Securities issued pursuant to the Shortfall.
WST means Western Standard Time as observed in Perth, Western Australia.

3501-14/2441114_9

45

