Downer EDI Limited
ABN 97 003 872 848
Triniti Business Campus
39 Delhi Road
North Ryde NSW 2113

For personal use only

1800 DOWNER
www.downergroup.com

Media/ASX and NZX Release
7 July 2020

DOWNER AWARDED SOUTH AUSTRALIAN ROAD MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS

Downer EDI Limited (Downer) announced today it had been awarded road maintenance contracts by the
South Australian Government Department of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure (DPTI) valued at an
estimated $420 million over a maximum term of 13 years. The contract also has provisions for additional
minor capital works.
The contracts begin on 2 November 2020 with an initial seven-year term with two extension options of three
years plus three years.
The Chief Executive Officer of Downer, Grant Fenn, said the new contracts would result in Downer
expanding the services it provides to DPTI and maintaining 8,500 kilometres of roads in South Australia’s
Metropolitan Zone and Regional North Zone.
“Downer has been maintaining South Australian roads since 2003,” Mr Fenn said. “Currently, Downer is
providing maintenance and emergency road services to DPTI, but under these new contracts Downer will
also deliver a range of other services including maintenance of intelligent transport systems, management of
third party works and minor capital improvements.
“Overall, Downer will deliver reliable road networks to ensure efficient and safe journeys and also provide
opportunities for local service providers and suppliers.”
Downer Group employs over 3,500 people in South Australia, making it one of the State’s largest employers.
Downer provides its South Australian customers with engineering, maintenance, asset management,
operations and hospitality services in both metropolitan and regional areas.

Authorised for release by Downer’s Chief Executive Officer, Grant Fenn.

About Downer
Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand and customers are at the
heart of everything it does. It exists to create and sustain the modern environment and its promise is to work
closely with its customers to help them succeed, using world-leading insights and solutions to design, build
and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities. Downer employs more than 53,000 people across more than
300 sites, primarily in Australia and New Zealand, but also in the Asia-Pacific region, South America and
Southern Africa. It also owns 88 per cent of Spotless Group Holdings Limited. For more information visit
downergroup.com.

For further information please contact:
Michael Sharp, Group Head of Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations

+61 439 470 145

Page 1 of 1

