For personal use only

ASX RELEASE
ASX Code: ESE

7 July 2020

eSense-Lab signs and appoints US based distributor for its future terpenes based sanitiser
products

Investment highlights:
•

•

•
•

eSense has entered into an exclusive sales agency agreement with US based Blue Science Solutions LLC
(“Blue Science”), which marks the beginning of its expansion plans into the world’s largest consumer base
for its future terpenes based sanitiser products (“Products”) into the United States.
Blue Science has agreed to minimum sales commitments in order to maintain exclusivity of A$3,000,000 in
the first 12 months of the agreement and, assuming the agreement is renewed after the initial 12 month
term, for a combined total of A$10,000,000 of Products through its network over the first 5 years of the
agreement.
Blue Science is an approved supplier to the IBM Rapid Supplier Connect initiative where Blue Science
intends to introduce future Products for sale through its supply chains.
Blue Science is the exclusive holder/licensee and applicant of several patents for sanitisation and
disinfection products for FDA & EPA regulated industries and will bring valuable knowledge for future
product development and inclusion.

eSense-Lab Limited (ASX:ESE) (”eSense” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it has entered into an
Exclusive Sales Agency Agreement with Blue Science for the United States market. Blue Science is an United States
based company formed in 2013 by Mr Slade Smith, a Registered Professional Industrial Hygienist, AIEH, and Institute
of Inspection, Cleaning and Restoration Certification Master Restorer accredited scientist, with two decades of
research and practical experience, that is using only natural ingredients to deliver non-toxic cleaning and
disinfecting solutions that have applications across a variety of industries.
Blue Science was introduced to the Company by EverBlu Capital Pty Ltd, the Company’s mandated corporate
adviser. No fees are payable to EverBlu Capital Pty Ltd in relation to this introduction.
Further details on Blue Science are set out at the end of this announcement in the ‘About Blue Science Solutions’
section.
Key terms of the Exclusive Sales Agency Agreement are as follows:
•

•

•

Initial 12 month term, which term renews for an indefinite number of consecutive 12 month terms. The
agreement may be also be terminated by either party for breach or for convenience by giving one month’s
notice.
The parties have agreed that Blue Science will have exclusivity for the US market, subject to achieving
minimum Product sales of A$10,000,000 over a five year period, with a minimum of A$3,000,000 in sales in
the first 12 months of the agreement. In the event these minimum sales targets are not achieved, eSense
will have the right to make the agreement non-exclusive.
Blue Science to receive an arm’s length standard commission on all sales.

3 Pinchas Sapir St., Ness Ziona 7403626, Israel

www.esense-lab.com

For personal use only

•

•

The agreement covers all terpenes based products to be developed by the Company, both in conjunction
with Blue Science and with other third parties, in the cleaning and disinfecting solutions market segment.
The Company notes that it is still finalising product formulations, which are expected to take two to three
months to complete, and pricing for terpenes based products in this market segment, and currently expects
its first product, a terpenes based sanitiser product, to be ready for manufacture in the next four to six
months. It is anticipated that this product will only require a basic FDA registration as a no rinse hand
decontaminating solution. Thereafter, other products are expected to be finalised for manufacture as and
when the R&D team finalises product formulations.
The Company has agreed to issue to Blue Science (or its nominees) 10,000,000 CDIs in the capital of the
Company (approximately 2% of the issued and outstanding CDIs) at a deemed issue price of $0.01 each, in
return for Blue Science agreeing to distribute the Company’s products through its networks. These CDIs
will be issued from ESE’s existing placement capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1.

Blue Science generated more than US$2.5 million in revenue in its last financial year and has advised the Company
that it has experienced increased demand in recent months as a result of a global shortage in sanitiser products.
The Company is aware that the minimum sales targets are potentially ambitious targets, but Blue Science has
expressed confidence to the Company in achieving these targets. Notwithstanding this, investors should be aware
that these targets are not forecasts and there is a risk that they will not be achieved.
Blue Science has advised the Company that it intends to utilise its experience in the North American markets to
define the most suitable sales and distribution channels, as well as act as the exclusive local agent for the Products
in the United States.
Blue Science will provide eSense with a number of benefits, including a cost effective entry point to the US market
via an established supply chain network, plus a viable solution logistically for entry of eSense’s terpenes based
products into the world’s largest consumer networks.
This Exclusive Sales Agency Agreement also provides the Company with access to a team of experienced scientists
who have a proven track record of developing commercially viable products, including registered industrial
professional hygienists, enzyme and organic chemists, and intellectual property attorneys, among others.
About Blue Science Solutions
Established in 2013, Blue Science is a distributor and developer of advanced water chemistry technology that
implements the basic concepts of electrolysis to create a line of non-toxic and safe cleaning and sanitising solutions
for use in consumer, commercial and institutional applications. Blue Science has recently worked to gain regulatory
approval in the United States, Canada, and is currently in the regulatory review process for Australia, New Zealand,
and the European Union for its line of products, including recent patent applications for cleaners, disinfectants, and
cosmetics. The focus of Blue Science is providing natural cleaning and sanitising products that are effective, safe,
non-toxic and inexpensive. Blue Science is uniquely positioned to provide not just the cleaning and sanitising
solutions, but for customers to actually own the Blue Science ECA Devices (ECA 1200, ECA 1200+, ECA 4000, or ECA
8000 models) that empower them to make their own cleaning and sanitising solutions at their own facility, on
demand, and as needed. The Blue Science ECA devices use electro-chemical activation, or “ECA,” to create HOCl
and NaOH from water, salt, and electricity with antimicrobial properties that have shown to be more effective than
common chlorine bleach. This is because HOCl, a highly reactive chlorine species, has no ionic charge and a
significantly lower molecular weight than bleach, which allows it to better penetrate microbial cell walls.
Blue Science’s U.S. locations include Florida (headquarters), Virginia, Minnesota, and California. Blue Science has
international representatives and licensed and trained distributors in Australia, New Zealand, S. Korea, and
manufacturing in Canada and the United States. These locations allow Blue Science to respond to customer requests

3 Pinchas Sapir St., Ness Ziona 7403626, Israel

www.esense-lab.com

for effective and inexpensive cleaning and sanitising solutions, and to assist with natural disasters as they arise
including flooding, hurricanes, tornados, and more. For more info visit: BlueScienceSolutions.com

For personal use only

Blue Science Solutions is an approved supplier to the IBM Rapid Supplier Connect network, which is designed to
provide support for supplier identity using blockchain technology. It aims to help buyers in the U.S. and Canadian
healthcare and government sectors, including hospitals, state procurement divisions, medical device makers,
pharmacies and state and local governments to find supplies and services in an unconventional marketplace, with
greater efficiency. Suppliers and buyers currently joining the network include hospitals and other organizations such
as Northwell Health, New York's largest healthcare provider, and The Worldwide Supply Chain Federation, which is
onboarding more than 200 American suppliers from its 3,000 global community members.
In order to be accepted into the IBM Rapid Supplier Connect network, Blue Science needed to demonstrate to IBM
that it had revenue in its prior financial year of a minimum of US$2.5 million (which Blue Science was able to satisfy).
Blue Science has averaged over US$2.5m in revenue in its last two financial years. Blue Science has experienced an
increase in demand for sanitiser products in line with a global shortage, and expects that there will be significant
growth in its revenue this year.
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors of eSense.

Ends

For further information, please contact:

Investor enquiries
Gigi Penna
+61 404 147 568
gigi@calderahouse.com.au

About eSense-Lab | Registered office: Suite 6, 295 Rokeby Road, Subiaco Western Australia, Australia 6008
eSense-Lab Ltd (ASX:ESE) is a life sciences company creating virtual plant-based products for medicinal and recreational consumption.
Headquartered in Israel, eSense-Lab combines genetics, mRNA expression, phytochemical characterisation and unique formulations to
generate comprehensive models of rare or high value plants. With multi-disciplinary research and development expertise, eSense has gamechanging techniques and unique reverse-engineering capabilities, placing it at the forefront of the growing international terpene market.
eSense has created virtual cannabis, with all the characteristics of the real plant, without the psychoactive and heavily regulated cannabinoid
compound, for mass consumer consumption.
To learn more, please visit www.esense-lab.com.

3 Pinchas Sapir St., Ness Ziona 7403626, Israel

www.esense-lab.com

