For personal use only

07 July 2020

PARTNERSHIP TO BOOST FIJI KAVA'S
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY
07 July 2020, Brisbane Australia - Fiji Kava Ltd (ASX: FIJ), an Australian-Fijian medicinal kava company producing
natural ‘noble kava’ products, has partnered with the Pacific Horticultural and Agricultural Market Access Plus
(PHAMA Plus) Program to strengthen export opportunities for Fijian kava to Australia and other international
markets.
The Fijian-based subsidiary company of Fiji Kava, South Pacific Elixirs Ltd (SPE) will work with PHAMA Plus to
strengthen kava standards and to ensure high-quality, sustainable commercial production and distribution of Fijian
kava to global export markets. This includes the use of Fiji Kava's tissue culture laboratory, a world first used to
propagate disease free plants.
SPE and PHAMA Plus will partner on the design, procurement and installation of commercial kava nurseries in Fiji,
with the initial establishment of two nurseries in Ovalau and Vanua Levu. The nurseries will be used for mass
production of kava plants which will be distributed to SPE’s network of contracted farming households.
A further component of the partnership will focus on sustainable agriculture practices and in standardising
practices for the growth, harvesting and processing of kava. Initiatives will be developed to strengthen the supply
chain for SPE and its kava growers, including climate resilience and adaptation technologies, production planning,
capacity building, technology transfer, harvesting schedules, quality certification and overall standardisation.
Australian High Commissioner to Fiji John Feakes said the Australian Government was pleased to support the
sustainability of the Fijian kava industry and maintaining market access through PHAMA Plus.
“Kava holds much social and economic importance to Fiji’s agriculture sector. Australia is proud to support efforts
by key export value chain actors such as SPE Ltd to develop a safe, sustainable supply of Fijian kava that meets
international market access and market entry requirements.” he said.
PHAMA Plus National Export Market Systems Facilitator (Fiji), Mr Navitalai Tuivuniwai said: “Improving the
quality of kava is a priority for PHAMA Plus and by partnering with an established leader in the Fijian kava industry,
we are able to more effectively progress the significant export opportunities that exist across international
markets for higher volumes of noble kava to benefit both exporters and local growers.”
Founder and CEO of Fiji Kava, Mr Zane Yoshida said: "It's an honour to be chosen as the inaugural Fijian partner
for the PHAMA Plus program in Fiji. We recognise the importance of this partnership to the Fijian kava community
and the major opportunity which exists to export our high-quality, disease free kava supply around the world.
“Fiji Kava's world-first tissue culture laboratory and its network of hundreds of local Fijian farmers ensures that
our supply chain is uniquely positioned to support this marquee initiative between the two countries.”
ENDS

For personal use only

For Further Information
For Investors

For Media

Zane Yoshida
Fiji Kava
+61 7 3844 1010

Brendan Altadonna
GRACosway
+61 409 919 891

About Fiji Kava
Fiji Kava Ltd (ASX: FIJ), an Australian-Fijian medicinal kava health & wellness company, producing natural ‘noble
kava’ products for the complementary and alternative medicine market, which is estimated to exceed USD $210
billion by 2026 globally.
As the first foreign company with approval from the Fijian Government to operate in the kava industry, Fiji Kava
has established a global leading sustainable and 100% traceable supply chain of ‘noble kava’ via its world first
kava tissue culture laboratory and 111-acre nucleus farm in Levuka, on the island of Ovalau, Fiji.
Fiji Kava is focussed on expanding the availability of noble kava products throughout western markets to provide
a natural alternative to prescription medicines to promote sleep, soothe and calm the nerves, support muscle
relaxation and relax the mind
Backed by years of independent research, Fiji Kava medical kava products are produced by high-quality GMP and
are TGA and FDA compliant.
Forward-Looking Statements
This ASX release includes certain forward-looking statements that are based on information and assumptions
known to date and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Actual results, performance or achievements
could be significantly different from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Fiji Kava. These factors may cause
actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements contained in this announcement.

