Information Technology Solutions
DRILLING COMMENCES AT THE MON AMI GOLD PROJECT

A Planned 2500m-3000m drill program has commenced at the Mon Ami Gold Project

ASX ANNOUCEMENT
7 July 2020

•

Program designed to expand the known Mineral Resource identified by GSN in 2018

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

•

Drilling to focus on the southern extent of the mineralisation along strike to the current
Resource Area

For personal use only

•

Executive Chairman
John Terpu
Non-Executive Director
Kathleen Bozanic
Non-Executive Director
Andrew Caruso

COMPANY SECRETARY
Mark Petricevic

CONTACT DETAILS
Registered Office and Postal
Address
Suite 4, 213 Balcatta Rd
BALCATTA WA 6021
Phone:
61 8 9240 4111
Fax:
61 8 9240 4054

Great Southern Mining Limited (ASX: GSN or the “Company”) is pleased to report that drilling is now
underway at the Company’s 100% owned Mon Ami Gold Project, located 12km south of Laverton,
Western Australia.
This drilling campaign follows a successful 2018 Reverse Circulation (RC) drill program along the
extensive shear zone, which resulted in a maiden Mineral Resources Estimate of 59,000oz at an
average grade of 1.7g/t, using a 1g/t cutoff grade (see ASX announcement dated 7th November 2018).
A number of gold bearing shoot extensions have been identified along strike and down plunge of the
current resource area. The extension along strike has yet to be fully tested and will be a focal point
for this drilling.
Highlights from previous 2018 drill program included:
• MLRC024 – 2m at 32.8 g/t Au from 74m.
• MLRC020 – 8m at 4.2 g/t Au from 136m.
• MLRC036 – 2m at 27.6 g/t Au from 173m.
• MLRC018 – 4m at 10.1 g/t Au from 31m.
Further results are found in Figure 1 and full listing of results see ASX announcement dated 16th July
2018.

GSN’s Chief Operating Officer, Mark Major commented:
“The Mon Ami deposit is a key asset of the Company, which we intend to progress in conjunction with
the other exciting Projects we have in our portfolio. It is one of our most advanced projects as it has a
Resource already defined, and we see potential to expand on this foundation.
It is open along strike and at depth, with this current program focusing on finding gold bearing
extensions along strike. There are many old shafts and historical diggings to the north and south of the
current resource area which need further exploration.”
“We will also look to better our understanding of the mineralisation systems within the known area.
There are certainly areas where high grade gold has been recorded which need further testing. We
believe there may be several high-grade splays associated with the shear zone, so this theory will be
tested during this program. With the deposit having viable upside and being extremely close to
operating mills and infrastructure, we are looking forward to reentering the field at Mon Ami to
advance this Project.

Website
www.gsml.com.au

GREAT SOUTHERN MINING LIMITED | ABN 37 148 168 825

For personal use only

Figure 1: Plan view of the Mon Ami Gold Project showing geological features, resource limits
and location of high-grade intercepts.

The exploration target for the tenement is orogenic gold mineralisation associated with an NNE striking regional
shear zone. The Shear Zone is a high strain environment and is up to 50 m wide with a near vertical dip
orientation. Gold mineralisation is concentrated within the shear zone and is localised along a lithological
contact of Archean basalt and sediments (Figure 1).
There are several historic shafts along the shear which have extracted gold in the early 19th century and the
presence of cross cutting or NE splays have been mapped in close proximity to the main shear zone. Following
the completion of the targeted 2500-3000m program at Mon Ami, the RC drill rig will return to the Cox’s Find
Gold project to undertake second phase of this planned program.

GREAT SOUTHERN MINING LIMITED | ABN 37 148 168 825

For personal use only

BACKGROUND
Mon Ami consists of Mining Lease M38/1256 and Exploration Licence E38/2829. The tenement lies within the
Mt Margaret Mineral Field of the north-eastern Goldfields of Western Australia (Laverton Greenstone Belt),
approximately 14 km east of the Granny Smith Mill and 12 km southeast of Laverton (Figure 2). The ground has
widespread gold anomalism, artisanal-scale gold workings.
The Laverton region has a well-documented gold endowment with in excess of 25 million ounces with two world
class deposits, in Sunrise Dam and Wallaby, and numerous deposits that show endowment more than one
million ounces (e.g. Mt Morgans, Lancefield, Granny Smith).

……
The release of this ASX announcement was authorised by the Executive Chairman of the Company.

GREAT SOUTHERN MINING LIMITED | ABN 37 148 168 825

ABOUT GREAT SOUTHERN MINING

10km

For personal use only

Great Southern Mining Limited is a Western Australian based Company listed on the ASX. Its aim is
to become a leading gold exploration Company in Australia. With significant land holdings in the
world-renowned gold districts of Laverton in Western Australia and the Mt Carlton Region of North
Queensland, all projects are located within 25km of operating gold mills and major operations.
The Company’s focus is on creating and capturing shareholder wealth through efficient exploration
programs and strategic acquisitions of projects that complement the Company’s existing portfolio of
quality assets.
For further information regarding Great Southern Mining Limited please visit the ASX platform
(ASX:GSN) or the Company’s website www.gsml.com.au.
COMPETENT PERSON’S STATEMENT

The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information reviewed and
or complied by Simon Buswell-Smith, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute
of Geoscientists. Mr Buswell-Smith is Exploration Manager WA of Great Southern Mining Limited. Mr
Buswell-Smith has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of
deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Buswell-Smith consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters
based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
The information in this report that relates to the Mineral Resources estimation approach at the
Project is based on information compiled by Dr Bryce Healy. Dr Healy is an employee of Noventum
Group Pty Ltd (ACN 624 875 323) and has been engaged by Great Southern Mining Limited as Head
of Exploration. He has sufficient experience relevant to the assessment and of this style of
mineralisation to qualify as a Competent Person as defined by the “Australasian Code for Reporting
of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves – The JORC Code (2012)”. Dr Healy
consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on his information in the form and context
in which it appears.
Date
ASX announcement
16-07-18
Maiden Drill Results at Mon Ami Project
03-09-18
Acquisition of tenement package
07-11-18
Mon Ami Gold Project - Maiden Mineral Resource Estimate
24-01-19
Mon Ami Gold Project - Metallurgical testing results
21-02-19
Acceleration of drilling activities - Mon Ami Gold Project*
* - announcement includes Exploration Target.

GREAT SOUTHERN MINING LIMITED | ABN 37 148 168 825

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

For personal use only

Forward-looking statements are only predictions and are not guaranteed. They are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions, some of which are outside the control of the
Company. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance and no representation
or warranty is made as to the likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of any forward-looking
statements or other forecast. The occurrence of events in the future are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to
differ from those referred to in this announcement. Given these uncertainties, recipients are
cautioned not to place reliance on forward looking statements. Any forward-looking statements in
this announcement speak only at the date of issue of this announcement. Subject to any continuing
obligations under applicable law and the ASX Listing Rules, the Company, its directors, officers,
employees and agents do not give any assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events
referred to in this announcement will occur as contemplated.

GREAT SOUTHERN MINING LIMITED | ABN 37 148 168 825

