ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 7 July 2020
ASX: MBK

For personal use only

MBK grants option to acquire its Triumph tenements
Highlights
 Exclusive option granted to purchase the Company’s Triumph
tenements
 Total potential consideration of $6.4 million
 Exposure to the upside with a 1% gross royalty to be granted to the
Company
 Provides the opportunity to focus on the 8 Mile project
Metal Bank Limited (ASX: MBK) is pleased to advise that its wholly owned subsidiary Roar
Resources Pty Ltd (Roar Resources) has entered into an agreement with an unrelated private
group (Purchaser) granting the Purchaser an exclusive option (exercised by the Purchaser
upon signing) (Option) to purchase the Company’s Triumph tenements for a total potential
consideration of $6.4 million plus a 1% gross royalty.
The total consideration comprises:
•
•
•

$400,000 payable upon settlement of transfer of the tenements;
a 1% royalty on gross revenue from the sale of gold mined from the tenements to be
granted to Roar Resources at settlement; and
staged payments upon identification of JORC Mineral Resource milestones on the
tenements as follows:
- $1.5 million for a Mineral Resource of 500,000 oz or more;
- $2 million for a Mineral Resource of 1,000,000 oz or more; and
- $2.5 million for a Mineral Resources of 2,000,000 oz or more.

For the purpose of the staged payments, the Mineral Resources are to be calculated on a gold
equivalent basis. Milestones are an aggregate of all Mineral Resources identified on the Tenements
over time and are not reduced by Resources mined. Further if, for example, the first Mineral Resource
is 1,000,000 oz or more, then the total amount payable at this milestone will be $3.5 million, including
the payment for the preceding milestone.
Completion of the sale of the tenements will be conditional upon obtaining “indicative approval” from
the Minister for transfer of the tenements.

Metal Bank Limited ABN: 51 127 297 170
Telephone: +61 2 9078 7669| Facsimile: +61 2 9078 7661| Email: info@metalbank.com.au
Suite 506, Level 5, 50 Clarence Street, SYDNEY NSW 2000 | GPO Box Q128 Queen Victoria Building NSW 1230 Australia
www.metalbank.com.au

For personal use only

Following settlement, the Purchaser will be responsible for all liabilities, including environmental
liabilities, arising as a result of activities on or in relation to Tenements, saving MBK annual holding
costs (including rental, bonds and expenditure requirements) of approximately $200,000.
Inés Scotland, Executive Chair of MBK said:
“We are pleased to secure a sale of the Triumph project providing MBK with additional cash to pursue
further exploration activities. In Queensland MBK is now focussed on exploration of its 8 Mile project
which has a robust shallow Exploration Target supported by recent drilling with the added potential
for a bulk tonnage target to the west of the Exploration Target 1”
Metal Bank’s exploration on the Triumph Project resulted in the discovery of multiple high-grade
gold zones occurring near surface and defined a large-scale gold system centred around the
historical Norton goldfield. The high-grade gold mineralisation was interpreted as leakage above
bulk tonnage style gold systems similar to other large intrusion related gold mines in Queensland
with four priority bulk tonnage targets identified <200m below surface.
Since 2018, MBK has been seeking a joint venture partner for the Triumph project to fund further
exploration. MBK’s focus since 2018 has been on its 8 Mile and Eidsvold projects with recent drilling
completed on 8 Mile further supporting the Exploration Target and maiden Inferred Resource on this
project 2.
The total potential consideration for the disposal of the Triumph tenements of $6.4 million is
equivalent to the project’s net asset value. The 1% royalty is in addition to this potential
consideration providing the Company with exposure to the upside from the project. The disposal of
the Triumph tenements will also provide cash of $400,000 to fund exploration activities on the
Company’s other projects.
The Purchaser is XXXX Gold Pty Ltd, an unrelated private company.

Authorised by the Board
For further information contact:
Inés Scotland
Executive Chair
Email: ines@metalbank.com.au
About Metal Bank
Metal Bank Limited is an ASX-listed minerals exploration company (ASX: MBK).
Metal Bank’s core focus is creating value through a combination of exploration success and
quality project acquisition. The company’s key projects are the 8 Mile, Eidsvold and Triumph
gold projects situated in the northern New England Fold Belt of central Queensland, which

1
2

MBK ASX Releases 23 April 2020 and 6 July 2020
MBK ASX Releases 23 April 2020 and 6 July 2020

Page |2

For personal use only

also hosts the Cracow (3Moz Au), Mt Rawdon (2Moz Au), Mt Morgan (8Moz Au, 0.4Mt Cu)
and Gympie (5Moz Au) gold deposits.
The company has an experienced Board and management team which brings regional
knowledge, expertise in early stage exploration and development, relevant experience in the
mid cap ASX-listed resource sector and a focus on sound corporate governance.
Board of Directors and Management

Registered Office

Inés Scotland
(Executive Chair)

Metal Bank Limited
Suite 506, Level 5
50 Clarence Street
Sydney NSW 2000
AUSTRALIA

Guy Robertson
(Executive Director)
Sue-Ann Higgins
(Executive Director and Company
Secretary)

Phone:
Email:

+61 2 9078 7669
info@metalbank.com.au
www.metalbank.com.au

Trevor Wright
(Exploration Manager)

Share Registry
Automic Registry Services
Phone: 1300 288 664 (local)
+61 2 9698 5414 (international)
Email:
hello@automic.com.au
Web site: www.automic.com.au
Please direct all shareholding enquiries to
the share registry.

Competent Persons Statement
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information
compiled or reviewed by Mr Trevor Wright, who is a Member of The Australasian Institute of
Geoscientists. Mr Wright is engaged as a contractor to the Company. Mr Wright has sufficient
experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and
to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and
Ore Reserves’. Mr Wright consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his
information in the form and context in which it applies.
The Exploration Targets described in this report are conceptual in nature and there is
insufficient information to establish whether further exploration will result in the
determination of Mineral Resources.

Page |3

