For personal use only

Not for release to US wire services or distribution in the United States

ASX / MEDIA RELEASE

7 July 2020

RedHill Education Limited
RedHill successfully completes Retail Entitlement Offer

RedHill Education Limited (“RedHill” or “the Company”) (ASX: RDH) is pleased to announce the successful
completion of the retail offer component (Retail Entitlement Offer) of its fully underwritten 1 for 2.5 pro rata
accelerated non-renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer) of new fully paid ordinary shares in
RedHill (New Shares) announced on 16 June 2020.
The Retail Entitlement Offer was well supported by eligible RedHill retail shareholders. Eligible retail
shareholders applied for approximately A$0.5 million pursuant to their entitlements (representing a take up
rate of approximately 22%).
Applications under the Retail Top-Up Facility were A$0.1 million, increasing the total take-up from eligible
RedHill retail shareholders to A$0.6 million (representing a total take up rate of approximately 28%). The
shortfall stock will be allotted to the underwriter and sub-underwriters of the Entitlement Offer.
Completion of the Retail Entitlement Offer represents the final stage of RedHill's approximately A$12.0 million
capital raising. The institutional placement and the institutional offer component of the Entitlement Offer
settled on 23 June 2020, raising gross proceeds of approximately A$9.8 million.
The New Shares to be issued under the Retail Entitlement Offer will rank equally with existing RedHill fully paid
ordinary shares in all respects from the date of their issue. The settlement date for New Shares to be issued
under the Retail Entitlement Offer is expected to be Thursday, 9 July 2020. The New Shares are expected to be
issued on Friday, 10 July 2020 and commence trading on the ASX on Monday, 13 July 2020.
If you have any questions, please use the contacts below:
Lisa Jones
Company Secretary
Email: lisa.jones@redhilleducation.com

Michael Fahey
Chief Financial Officer
Email: michael.fahey@redhilleducation.com

Authorised for release to ASX by the Board of Directors of RedHill.
ENDS

1

ABOUT REDHILL
RedHill has a portfolio of quality education businesses at the premium end of the private education market to
capitalise on the demand for higher education, vocational training and English language programmes. For
further information refer to our website www.redhilleducation.com.

For personal use only

NOT FOR RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES
This announcement has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to United States
wire services or distributed in the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a
solicitation of an offer to buy, securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any securities described
in this announcement have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 and may
not be offered or sold in the United States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the
registration requirements of the US Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.

2

