For personal use only

Red Mountain Mining Limited
(ACN 119 568 106)

Prospectus

For an offer of:
(a)

up to 30,000,000 Placement Options to the Placement Participants on the basis of one (1)
free-attaching Placement Option for every two (2) Placement Shares subscribed for and issued
under the Placement (Placement Options Offer);

(b)

up to 37,500,000 SPP Options to the SPP Participants on the basis of one (1) free attaching
SPP Option for ever two (2) SPP Shares subscribed for and issued under the SPP (SPP
Options Offer); and

(c)

7,000,000 Lead Manager Options to the Lead Manager (or its nominee) (Lead Manager
Options Offer),

(together, the Offers).
The Offers are not underwritten
The Offers close at 5.00pm WST on 8 July 2020
Important Notice
This is an important document and should be read in its entirety.
This Prospectus is a transaction-specific prospectus issued in accordance with section 713 of the
Corporations Act. If you have any queries about any part of the Prospectus, please contact your
professional adviser without delay. The New Listed Options offered by this Prospectus should be
considered speculative.

Corporate Directory
Solicitors

Jeremy King (Non-Executive Director)
Lincoln Ho (Non-Executive Director)
Robert Parton (Non-Executive Director)

Nova Legal
Level 2, 50 Kings Park Road
West Perth WA 6005

Company Secretary

Auditors*

Mauro Piccini

RSM Australia Partners
Level 32, 2 The Esplanade
Perth WA 6000

For personal use only

Directors

Registered Office and Principal Place of
Business

Suite 2, Level 1 Altona Street
West Perth WA 6005
Telephone:
Facsimile:
Website:

08 6381 0054
08 9481 4950
www.redmountainmining.com.au

ASX Code

Lead Manager
Xcel Capital Pty Ltd
Level 1, 1 Altona Street
West Perth WA 6005
* These parties are included for information
purposes only. They have not been involved
in the preparation of this Prospectus.

RMX
Share Registry*
Computershare Limited
172 St Georges Terrace
Perth WA 6000
Telephone:

08 6188 0800

2

Contents
IMPORTANT INFORMATION......................................................................................................... 4
TIMETABLE AND IMPORTANT DATES ........................................................................................ 6
DETAILS OF THE OFFERS ................................................................................................ 7

2.

RISK FACTORS................................................................................................................ 12

3.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFERS .................................................................... 16

4.

RIGHTS ATTACHING TO SECURITIES ........................................................................... 19

5.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 23

6.

DIRECTOR’S CONSENT .................................................................................................. 31

7.

DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................................... 32

For personal use only

1.

Annexure A – Pro-Forma Statement of Financial Position ...................................................... 34

3

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
GENERAL

For personal use only

This Prospectus is dated 7 July 2020 and was lodged with ASIC on that date. Neither ASIC nor
ASX, nor any of their officers, take any responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus.
This Prospectus expires 13 months from the date it was lodged with ASIC. No securities will be
issued on the basis of this Prospectus later than 13 months after the date of this Prospectus. An
application will be made to ASX within 7 days after the date of this Prospectus for the quotation of
the New Listed Options the subject of this Prospectus.
In preparing this Prospectus, regard has been had to the fact that the Company is a disclosing entity
for the purposes of the Corporations Act and that certain matters may reasonably be expected to be
known to investors and their professional advisers. This Prospectus is issued pursuant to section
713 of the Corporations Act. Section 713 allows the issue of a more concise prospectus in relation
to an offer of continuously quoted securities. This Prospectus is intended to be read in conjunction
with the publicly available information in relation to the Company which has been notified to ASX
and does not include all information that would be included in a prospectus for an initial public
offering.

This document is important and it should be read in its entirety. The New Listed Options to be issued
pursuant to this Prospectus should be viewed as a speculative investment and investors should refer
to the Section 2 for details of certain risk factors which are considered to be relevant for the purposes
of the Offers. Investors should consult their stockbroker, solicitor, accountant or other professional
adviser if necessary.

No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation in relation to the
Offers which is not contained in this Prospectus and any such information may not be relied upon as
having been authorised by the Directors.

A copy of this Prospectus can be downloaded from the Company's website at
www.redmountainmining.com.au. The offer constituted by an electronic version of this Prospectus
is only available to persons receiving an electronic version of this Prospectus within Australia. A
hard copy of this Prospectus may be obtained by contacting the Company.

A number of terms and abbreviations used in this Prospectus have defined meanings set out in
Section 7.

OVERSEAS SHAREHOLDERS
New Listed Options will not be issued pursuant to this Prospectus to Shareholders with a registered
address which is outside Australia or New Zealand. The distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions
outside of Australia or New Zealand may be restricted by law and therefore persons who come into
possession of this Prospectus should seek advice on and observe any such restrictions. Any failure
to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the applicable securities law.
This Prospectus does not, and is not intended to, constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction
where, or to any person to whom, it would be unlawful to make such an offer or issue. This
Prospectus has not been, nor will it be lodged, filed or registered with any regulatory authority under
the securities laws of any other country.

RISK FACTORS
Refer to Section 2 for details of the risks associated with an investment in the Company. As with any
securities investment, there are risks associated with investing in the Company. Investors should
be aware that an investment in the Company involves risks that may be greater than risks associated
4

with an investment in some other companies. The principal risks that could affect the financial and
market performance of the Company are detailed in Section 2 of this Prospectus. The New Listed
Options on offer under this Prospectus should be considered speculative. Accordingly, before
deciding to invest in the Company, investors should read this Prospectus in its entirety and should
consider all factors in light of their individual circumstances and seek appropriate professional
advice.

For personal use only

The Board aims to manage these risks by carefully planning its activities and implementing risk
control measures. Some of the risks are, however, highly unpredictable and the extent to which they
can be effectively managed is limited.
Risks of investing in the Company’s existing assets and general risks are set out in Section 2 of this
Prospectus.
Careful consideration should be given to all matters raised in this Prospectus and the relative risk
factors prior to applying for New Listed Options offered under this Prospectus. Investors should
consider the risk factors described in Section 2, together with the information contained elsewhere
in this Prospectus, before deciding whether to apply for New Listed Options.

5

For personal use only

TIMETABLE AND IMPORTANT DATES
EVENT

DATE

Lodgement of Prospectus with ASIC and ASX

7 July 2020

Opening Date of Offers

7 July 2020

Closing Date of Offers (5pm WST)

8 July 2020

Dispatch of holding statements in respect of the Offers

13 July 2020

Expected date for Quotation of the New Listed Options

14 July 2020

* These

dates are indicative only and subject to change. The Company reserves the right, subject to
the Corporations Act, the ASX Listing Rules and other applicable laws, to vary the dates, including
by extending the Closing Date. As such the date the New Listed Options are expected to commence
trading on ASX may vary.

6

1.

DETAILS OF THE OFFERS

1.1

Background to the Offers

For personal use only

On 29 May 2020, the Company announced a capital raising comprised of:
(a)

a placement to raise $240,000 (Placement) through the issue of 60,000,000 Shares
(Placement Shares) to sophisticated and professional investors (Placement
Participants) at an issue price of $0.004 per Placement Share, together with one (1)
free attaching Option (exercisable at $0.008 and expiring 12 months from the date of
issue) (Placement Options) for ever two (2) Placement Shares issued; and

(b)

a share purchase plan to raise up to $300,000 (SPP) through the issue of Shares
(SPP Shares) to Shareholders registered as holders of Shares on the SPP Record
Date and whose registered address was in Australia or New Zealand (Eligible
Shareholders) at an issue price of $0.004 per SPP Share.

On 4 June 2020, the Company lodged the SPP offer document for the implementation of the
SPP and issue of the SPP Shares, in accordance with ASIC Corporations (Shares and
Interest Purchase Plans) Instrument 2019/54.
Eligible Shareholders who subscribe for SPP Shares under the SPP (SPP Participants) are
entitled to receive one free-attaching Option (exercisable at $0.008 and expiring 12 months
from the date of issue) (SPP Options) for every two (2) SPP Shares issued under the SPP.
The Company engaged the services of Xcel Capital Pty Ltd (ACN 617 047 319) (Xcel Capital
or Lead Manager) to manage the Placement and the SPP. Pursuant to the lead manager
mandate between the Company and the Lead Manager (Lead Manager Mandate), the
Company has agreed to issue the Lead Manager (or its nominee) 7,000,000 listed Options
(exercisable at $0.008 and expiring 12 months from the date of issue) (Lead Manager
Options) in consideration for its services in relation to the Placement and SPP. Refer to
Section 5.5 for further details regarding the material terms of the Lead Manager Mandate.
The Company issued the Placement Shares on 2 June 2020 pursuant to its placement
capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1 and the SPP Shares were issued on 6 July 2020
pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 7.2 Exception 5 and ASX Listing Rule 10.12 Exception 4.
The Company is precluded from issuing a ‘cleansing’ notice in respect of the Placement
Options, SPP Options and Lead Manager Options (together, New Listed Options). The
Company is also unable to rely on disclosure relief provided by ASIC Corporations (Shares
and Interest Purchase Plans) instruments 2019/547 as it does not extend to the offer of
options under a share purchase plan. Consequently, the New Listed Options are being
offered pursuant to this Prospectus and will be issued utilising the Company’s placement
capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1 (other than SPP Options to be issued to Directors subject
to Shareholder approval, as outlined below).
Jeremy King intends to participate in the SPP by subscribing for 3,000,000 SPP Shares and
1,500,000 SPP Options. Shareholder approval is not required for the issue of SPP Shares
under the SPP to Mr King as ASX Listing Rule 10.12 Exception 4 applies. The Company
intends to seek Shareholder approval for the issue of 1,500,000 SPP Options to Mr King (or
his nominee) at its next general meeting.
The New Listed Options will be issued on the terms and conditions set out in Section 4.3.
For further details regarding the Placement and SPP, refer to the Company’s announcement
dated 29 May 2020 and the SPP offer document dated 4 June 2020.
7

1.2

The Offers
This Prospectus contains the following separate offers:

For personal use only

(a)

Placement Options Offer
This Prospectus invites the Placement Participants to apply for a total of up to
30,000,000 Placement Options, on the basis of one (1) Placement Options for ever
two (2) Placement Shares subscribed for and issued under the Placement
(Placement Options Offer).
All Placement Participants will be sent a copy of this Prospectus, together with an
Application Form. Only the Placement Participants can accept the Placement Options
Offer. Refer to Section 1.6 for details on how to apply for Placement Options under
the Placement Options Offer.
No funds will be raised from the issue of the Placement Options as the Placement
Options are free attaching to the Placement Shares on a 1:2 basis.

(b)

SPP Options Offer
This Prospectus invites the SPP Participants to apply for a total of up to 37,500,000
SPP Options, on the basis of one (1) SPP Option for every two (2) SPP Shares
subscribed for under the SPP (SPP Options Offer).
The SPP Options will be issued in accordance with actual allocations of SPP Shares
made. Accordingly, SPP Participants may receive less SPP Options than applied for
if their application for SPP Shares pursuant to the SPP is subject to a scale back.
Refer to the SPP Offer Document dated 4 June 2020.
All SPP Participants will be sent a copy of this Prospectus, together with an
Application Form. Only the SPP Participants can accept the SPP Options Offer. Refer
to Section 1.6 for details on how to apply for SPP Options under the SPP Options
Offer.
No funds will be raised from the issue of the SPP Options as the SPP Options are
free attaching to the SPP Shares on a 1:2 basis.

(c)

Lead Manager Options Offer
This Prospectus includes an offer of 7,000,000 Lead Manager Options to Xcel Capital
(or its nominee) (Lead Manager Options Offer).
Only Xcel Capital (or its nominee) may accept the Lead Manager Options Offer, by
using the relevant Application Form in relation to the Broker Options Offer.
No funds will be raised from the Lead Manager Options Offer as the Lead Manager
Options are being issued as consideration for services provided by Xcel Capital in
respect of the Placement and SPP.

The Offers are only available to those who are personally invited to accept the Offers.
Accordingly, Application Forms will only be provided by the Company to these parties.
All New Listed Options offered under this Prospectus will be issued on the same terms and
conditions, as set out in Section 4.3. Subject to the quotation requirements of the ASX Listing
Rules, the New Listed Options issued under this Prospectus will form a new class of listed
security of the Company.
8

All Shares issued on exercise of the New Listed Options will rank equally with the Shares on
issue at the date of this Prospectus. Refer to Section 4.2 for further details regarding the
rights and liabilities attaching to Shares.

1.3

Underwriting

For personal use only

The Offer is not underwritten.

1.4

1.5

1.6

Minimum Subscription
There is no minimum subscription under the Offers.

Opening and Closing Dates
The Offers will open for receipt of acceptances on 7 July 2020.
The Offer will close at 5:00pm WST on 8 July 2020, or such later date as the Directors, in
their absolute discretion and subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, may determine.

How to accept the Offers
Only the Placement Participants, the SPP Participants and Xcel Capital (Eligible
Participants) will be provided a copy of this Prospectus and an Application Form in respect
of the Offers. Applications for New Listed Options must be made by the Eligible Participants
at the direction of the Company and must be made using the Application Form accompanying
this Prospectus.
Placement Participants may only make an application on the basis of one (1) Placement
Option for every two (2) Placement Shares issued to them under the Placement.
SPP Participants may only make an application on the basis of one (1) SPP Options for every
two (2) SPP Options issued to them under the SPP in accordance with the SPP Offer
Document.
All New Listed Options will be issued for nil consideration and therefore the Applicants are
not required to pay any funds with the Application Form.
Completed Application Forms must be posted to the Company’s Share Registry as follows:
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
GPO Box 505 Melbourne
Victoria 3001 Australia
Completed Application Forms must reach the address set out above by no later than the
Closing Date.
Acceptance of a completed Application Form by the Company creates a legally binding
contract between the Applicant and the Company, for the number of New Listed Options on
the Application Form.
The Application Form does not need to be signed to be a binding acceptance of the New
Listed Options under the Offers. If the Application Form is not completed correctly it may still
be treated as valid. The Directors’ decision as to whether to treat the acceptance as valid and
how to construe, amend or complete the Application Form, is final.
If you are in doubt as to the course of action, you should consult your professional advisor(s).

9

1.7

Lead Manager
The Company engaged the services of Xcel Capital to manage the Placement and the SPP.
Refer to Section 5.5 for a summary of the material terms of the Lead Manager Mandate.

For personal use only

1.8

1.9

ASX quotation
Application for Official Quotation of the New Listed Options offered pursuant to this
Prospectus will be made to ASX within seven (7) days after the date of this Prospectus. The
New Listed Options will only be admitted to Official Quotation if the quotation requirements
under the ASX Listing Rules are satisfied. If the quotation requirements are not satisfied or
ASX otherwise does not grant Official Quotation of the New Listed Options, the New Listed
Options will be issued on an unquoted.
The fact that ASX may grant official quotation to the New Listed Options is not to be taken in
any way as an indication of the merits of the Company or the New Listed Options now offered
under this Prospectus.

Issue of New Listed Options
The New Listed Options to be issued pursuant to the Offers will be issued in accordance with
the timetable set out at the commencement of this Prospectus and otherwise in accordance
with the ASX Listing Rules.
Holding statements for New Listed Options issued under the Offers will be mailed in
accordance with the timetable set out at the commencement of this Prospectus and otherwise
in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules.

1.10 CHESS and Issuer Sponsorship
The Company operates an electronic CHESS sub-register and an electronic issuer
sponsored sub-register. These two sub-registers make up the Company’s register of
securities. The Company will not issue certificates to investors. Rather, holding statements
(similar to bank statements) will be dispatched to investors as soon as practicable after issue.
Holding statements will be sent either by CHESS (for new investors who elect to hold their
securities on the CHESS sub-register) or by the Company’s Share Registry (for new investors
who elect to hold their securities on the Issuer sponsored sub-register). The statements will
set out the number of New Listed Options issued under the Prospectus and provide details
of a Holder Identification Number (for new investors who elect to hold their securities on the
Chess sub-register) or Security holder Reference Number (for new investors who elect to
hold their securities on the issuer sponsored sub-register). Updated holding statements will
also be sent to each new investor following the month in which the balance of their holding
of Securities changes, and also as required by the Listing Rules or the Corporations Act.

1.11 Risks
As with any securities investment, there are risks associated with investing in the Company.
The principal risks that could affect the financial and market performance of the Company
are detailed in Section 2 of this Prospectus. The New Listed Options on offer under this
Prospectus should be considered speculative. Accordingly, before deciding to invest in the
Company, investors should read this Prospectus in its entirety and should consider all factors
in light of their individual circumstances and seek appropriate professional advice.

10

For personal use only

1.12 Overseas Applicants
The distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by law
and persons who come into possession of this Prospectus should seek advice on and
observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a
violation of applicable securities laws. No action has been taken to register or qualify the
Securities the subject of this Prospectus or otherwise permit a public offering of the Securities
the subject of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction outside Australia.
New Zealand
The Offers are not being made to the public in New Zealand other than to existing
Shareholders with registered addresses in New Zealand to whom the Offers are being made
in reliance on the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the Financial Markets Conduct
(Incidental Offers) Exemption Notice 2016.
This document has been prepared in compliance with Australian law and has not been
registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority. This document
is not a product disclosure statement under New Zealand law and is not required to, and may
not, contain all the information that a product disclosure statement under New Zealand law
is required to contain.

1.13 Taxation
It is the responsibility of all persons to satisfy themselves of the particular taxation treatment
that applies to them by consulting their own professional tax advisers. Taxation
consequences will depend on particular circumstances. Neither the Company nor any of its
officers accept any liability or responsibility in respect of the taxation consequences of the
matters referred to above or any other taxation consequences connected with an investment
in the Securities of the Company.

1.14 Privacy Disclosure
Persons who apply for New Listed Options pursuant to this Prospectus are asked to provide
personal information to the Company, either directly or through the Share Registry. The
Company and the Share Registry collect, hold and use that personal information to assess
applications for securities to provide facilities and services to Shareholders, and to carry out
various administrative functions. Access to the information collected may be provided to the
Company’s agents and service providers and to ASX, ASIC and other regulatory bodies on
the basis that they deal with such information in accordance with the relevant privacy laws.
If the information requested is not supplied, applications for New Listed Options will not be
processed. In accordance with privacy laws, information collected in relation to specific
Applicants can be obtained by that Applicant through contacting the Company or the Share
Registry.

1.15 Enquiries
This document is important and should be read in its entirety. Persons who are in any doubt
as to the course of action to be followed should consult their stockbroker, solicitor, accountant
or other professional adviser without delay.
If you have any questions regarding the Offers, please contact the Company Secretary on
(08) 6559-1792, from 8.30am to 5.00pm WST, Monday to Friday.

11

2.

RISK FACTORS

2.1

Introduction

For personal use only

The Securities offered under this Prospectus should be considered speculative because of
the nature of the Company’s business.

2.2

Whilst the Directors recommend that Shareholders take up their Entitlement, there are
however numerous risk factors involved. Some of these risks can be mitigated by the use of
safeguards and appropriate systems and controls, but some are outside the control of the
Company and cannot be mitigated. Accordingly, an investment in the Company carries no
guarantee with respect to the payment of dividends, return of capital or price at which the
New Listed Options (or the underlying Shares) will trade.
The following is a summary of the more material matters to be considered and should be
read in conjunction with specific matters referred to in the Company’s announcements and
reports. However, the summary is not exhaustive and potential investors should examine
the contents of this Prospectus in its entirety and consult their professional advisors before
deciding whether to apply for the Securities.

Company specific

2.2.1 Exploration risk
Mineral exploration by its nature is a high risk activity and there can be no guarantee of
exploration success on the Company's projects. There can be no assurance that exploration
of the tenements, or any other tenements that may be acquired in the future, will result in the
discovery of an economic deposit. Even if an apparently viable deposit is identified, there is
no guarantee that it can be economically exploited.
Further, exploration involves certain operating hazards, such as failure and or breakdown of
equipment, adverse geological, seismic and geotechnical conditions, industrial accidents,
labour disputes, adverse weather conditions, pollution and other environmental hazards and
risks.

2.2.2 Budget risk
The exploration costs of the Company are based on certain assumptions with respect to the
method and timing of exploration. By their nature, these estimates and assumptions are
subject to uncertainties and, accordingly, the actual costs may materially differ from these
estimates and assumptions.

2.2.3 Additional requirements for capital
The future capital requirements of the Company will depend on many factors including the
results of future exploration and business development activities. The Company believes its
available cash and resources should be adequate to fund its obligations in respect of its
exploration work program, business development activities and other objectives for the next
12 months. Should the Company's exploration program be successful or the Company
identify additional projects it may wish to pursue, additional funds will be required to advance
the Company's projects.
Additional funding may be raised by the Company via the issues of equity, debt or a
combination of debt and equity or asset sales. Any additional equity financing will dilute
Shareholdings, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing and
operating activities.
12

If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required to
reduce the scope of its operations and scale back its programs or enter into joint venture
arrangements to reduce expenditure and this could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's activities. Unfavourable market conditions may adversely affect the Company's
ability to raise additional funding regardless of the Company's operating performance.

For personal use only

2.2.4 New projects and acquisitions and joint ventures
The Company will continue to actively pursue and assess, other new business opportunities
particularly those in the resources sector. These new business opportunities may take the
form of direct project acquisitions, joint ventures, farm-ins, acquisition of tenements/permits,
or direct equity participation.
If an acquisition is completed, the Directors will need to reassess, at that time, the funding
allocated to current projects and new projects, which may result in the Company reallocating
funds from other projects and/or the raising of additional capital (if available).
Furthermore, any new project or business acquisition may change the risk profile of the
Company, particularly if the new project is located in another jurisdiction, involves a new
commodity and/or changes the Company's capital/funding requirements.
Should the Company propose or complete the acquisition of a new project or business
activity, investors should re-assess their investment in the Company in light of the new
project/business activity.

2.2.5 Resources estimates
Resource estimates are expressions of judgement based on knowledge, experience and
industry practice. Estimates that were valid when originally made may alter significantly when
new information or techniques become available.
In addition, by their very nature, resource estimates are imprecise and depend on
interpretations which may prove to be inaccurate, and whilst the Company will employ
industry-standard techniques including compliance with the JORC Code to reduce the
resource estimation risk, there is no assurance that this approach will alter the risk. As further
information becomes available through additional fieldwork and analysis, resource estimates
may change. This may result in alterations to mining and development plans which may in
turn adversely affect the Company.

2.2.6 Risk of not obtaining required permits
The future operations of the Company, including in respect of the Red Valley Lithium Project,
may require permits from various governmental authorities and will be governed by laws and
regulations governing prospecting, development, mining, production, export, taxes, labour
standards, occupational health, waste disposal, land use, environmental protections, mine
safety and other matters. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain all
necessary permits and approvals that may be required to undertake exploration activity or
commence construction or operation of lithium extraction facilities on its lithium properties or
any other properties the Company may acquire in the future. To the extent such approvals
are required and not obtained, the Company may be curtailed or prohibited from commencing
or continuing with mining operations, or proceeding with any future exploration or
development of its lithium properties or other properties the Company may acquire in the
future.

13

2.2.7 Joint venture risk

For personal use only

The Company is currently, and may in the future become a party to joint venture agreements
governing the exploration and development of its projects. There is a risk that one of the
Company’s joint venture partners may default in their joint venture obligations or not act in
the best interests of the joint venture. This may have an adverse effect on the interests and
prospects of the Company.
There can be no certainty that the parties will be able to settle the formal documentation in
respect thereof. Failure to settle the terms of the formal documentation may result in
termination of the joint venture and/or a potential dispute resolution process.

2.2.8 Commodity price volatility
If the Company achieves success leading to mineral production, the revenue it will derive
through the sale of commodities exposes the potential income of the Company to price and
exchange rate risks. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many factors beyond
the control of the Company including the international supply and demand for commodities,
the quality of the minerals produced, actions taken by governments, forward selling activities
and other macro-economic factors.

2.2.9 Environmental risk

2.3

The Company's projects are subject to rules and regulations regarding environmental matters
and the discharge of hazardous wastes and materials. As with all mineral projects, the
Company's projects are expected to have a variety of environmental impacts should
development proceed. Development of any of the Company's projects will be dependent on
the Company satisfying environmental guidelines and, where required, being approved by
government authorities.
The Company intends to conduct its activities in an environmentally responsible manner and
in accordance with all applicable laws, but may still be subject to accidents or other
unforeseen events which may compromise its environmental performance and which may
have adverse financial implications.

General risks

2.3.1 Coronavirus (COVID-19) risk
The outbreak of the coronavirus disease (“COVID-19”) is impacting global economic markets.
The nature and extent of the effect of the outbreak on the performance of the Company
remains unknown. The Company’s share price may be adversely affected in the short to
medium term by the economic uncertainty caused by COVID-19. Further, any governmental
or industry measures taken in response to COVID-19 may adversely impact the Company’s
operations and are likely to be beyond the control of the Company.
The Directors are monitoring the situation closely and have considered the impact of COVID19 on the Company’s business and financial performance. However, the situation is
continually evolving, and the consequences are therefore inevitably uncertain. In compliance
with its continuous disclosure obligations, the Company will continue to update the market in
regard to the impact of COVID-19 on its revenue channels and adverse impact on the
Company. If any of these impacts appear material prior to close of the Offers, the Company
will notify investors under a supplementary prospectus.

14

2.3.2 Market conditions and other economic risks

For personal use only

General economic conditions, movements in interest and inflation rates, commodity prices
and currency exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the Company's operations and
any future development activities, as well as on its ability to fund those activities.
The price of securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject to varied and unpredictable
influences on the market for equities in general. Neither the Company nor the Directors
warrant the future performance of the Company or any return on an investment in the
Company.

2.3.3 Changes in government policies and legislation
Any material adverse changes in government policies or legislation of Australia or the United
States of America or any other country that the Company may acquire economic interests in
may affect the viability and profitability of the Company.

2.3.4 Unforeseen expenditure risk
Expenditure may need to be incurred that has not been taken into account in the preparation
of this Prospectus. Although the Company is not aware of any such additional expenditure
requirements, if such expenditure is subsequently incurred, this may adversely affect the
expenditure proposals of the Company.

2.3.5 Insurance

2.4

The Company will, where possible and economically practicable, endeavour to mitigate some
project and business risks by procuring relevant insurance cover. However, such insurance
cover may not always be available or economically justifiable and the policy provisions and
exclusions may render a particular claim by the Company outside the scope of the insurance
cover.

Speculative investment
The above list of risk factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the risks faced by the
Company or by investors in the Company. The above factors, and others not specifically
referred to above, may in the future materially affect the financial performance of the
Company and the value of the New Listed Options offered under this Prospectus.
Therefore, the underlying Shares carry no guarantee with respect to the payment of
dividends, returns of capital or the market value of those Shares.
Potential investors should consider that the investment in the Company is speculative and
should consult their professional advisers before deciding whether to apply for New Listed
Options pursuant to this Prospectus.

15

3.

PURPOSE AND EFFECT OF THE OFFERS

3.1

Purpose of the Offers

For personal use only

The primary purposes of this Prospectus is to:

3.2

(a)

issue the New Listed Options under the Offers;

(b)

facilitate secondary trading of the New Listed Options issued under the Offers; and

(c)

facilitate secondary trading of any Shares issued upon exercise of the New Listed
Options issued under the Offers.

Section 707(3) of the Corporations Act generally requires that a prospectus is issued in order
for a person to whom securities were issued without disclosure under Part 6D of the
Corporations Act to on-sell those securities within 12 months of the date of their issue.
The Corporations Act provides an exception to section 707(3) where an entity issues a
'cleansing' notice under section 708A(5). However, the Company is precluded from issuing a
'cleansing' notice in respect of the New Listed Options as they are not in a class of securities
that were quoted securities at all times in the last 3 months. The Company is also unable to
rely on disclosure relief provided by ASIC Corporations (Shares and Interest Purchase Plans)
instruments 2019/547 as it does not extend to the offer of options under a share purchase
plan.
Consequently, the Company has issued this Prospectus in respect of the Offers to the
Placement Participants, SPP Participants and the Lead Manager. Issuing the New Listed
Options under this Prospectus will enable persons who are issued the New Listed Options to
on-sell their New Listed Options, and any Shares issued on exercise of the New Listed
Options pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Sale Offers That Do Not Need Disclosure)
Instrument 2016/80.

Proposed use of funds
No funds will be raised from the issue of the New Listed Options pursuant to this Prospectus
as the:
(a)

Placement Options are offered as free attaching to the Placement Shares on a 1:2
basis:

(b)

SPP Options are offered as free attaching to the SPP Shares on a 1:2 basis; and

(c)

Lead Manager Options are being issued as consideration for services provided to the
Company in connection with the Placement and SPP.

The Company intends to apply the funds raised under the Placement and the SPP
(approximately $540,000) towards assessment of new assets, further ongoing assessment
of the Mokabi-Kasiri Projects results for copper potential, general working capital and costs
of the Placement, the SPP and the Offers.
The above is a statement of current intentions at the date of this Prospectus. Intervening
events and new circumstances have the potential to affect the manner in which the funds are
ultimately applied. The Board reserves the right to alter the way the funds are applied on this
basis.
Refer to Section 5.10 for details of the estimated expenses of the Offers.
16

3.3

Effect of the Offers

For personal use only

The principal effect of the Offers (assuming all New Listed Options offered under this
Prospectus are issued) will be that 74,500,000 New Listed Options will be issued (being
30,000,000 Placement Options, 37,500,000 SPP Options and 7,000,000 Lead Manager
Options).

3.4

3.5

3.6

The effect of the Offers on the capital structure of the Company is set out in Section 3.6.

Effect on control of the Company
The Offers will not have a material impact on the control (as defined by section 50AA of the
Corporations Act) of the Company. No investor or existing Shareholder will have a voting
power greater than 20% as a result of the completion of the Offers.
The maximum number of New Listed Options proposed to be issued under the Offers is
74,500,000 New Listed Options. If all these New Listed Options are exercised, the Shares
issued on exercise will represent approximately 7% of the Shares on issue following
completion of the Offers.

Pro Forma Statement of Financial Position
Set out in Annexure A is an unaudited pro-forma statement of financial position of the
Company prepared using the reviewed statement of financial position of the Company as at
31 December 2019 and on the basis of the accounting policies normally adopted by the
Company and reflect the changes to its financial position as a result of the Offers, the
Placement and the SPP.
The statements of financial position have been prepared to provide information on the assets
and liabilities of the Company and pro-forma assets and liabilities of the Company. The
historical and pro-forma financial information is presented in an abbreviated form, insofar as
it does not include all of the disclosures required by Australian Accounting Standards
applicable to annual financial statements.

Effect on Capital Structure
A comparative table of changes in the capital structure of the Company as a consequence of
the Offers (assuming all New Listed Options are issued, no other Securities are issued, and
no other existing Securities are exercised or converted into Shares are exercised) is set out
below.
Security

Number

Shares
Shares on issue as at the date of this Prospectus1

1,013,036,775

Total Shares on issue on completion of the Offers

1,013,036,775

Options
Options on issue as at the date of this Prospectus2

35,000,000

Placement Options to be issued to the Placement Participants
pursuant to the Placement Options Offer3

30,000,000

17

For personal use only

SPP Options to be issued to the SPP Participants pursuant to the
SPP Options Offer4

3.7

37,500,000

Lead Manager Options to be issued to the Lead Manager pursuant
to the Lead Manager Options Offer5

7,000,000

Subtotal – New Listed Options to be issued under the Offers6

74,500,000

Total Options on issue on completion of the Offer

109,500,000

Performance Rights
Performance Rights on issue as at the date of this Prospectus7

19,500,000

Total Performance Rights on issue on completion of the Offers

19,500,000

Notes:
1

Shares currently on issue includes 60,000,000 Placement Shares issued under the Placement and
75,000,000 SPP Shares issued under the SPP.

2

Options currently on issue are comprised of 35,000,000 unquoted Options exercisable at $0.02 and
expiring 28 June 2023.

3

Placement Options to be issued to the Placement Participants on the basis of one (1) Placement Option
for every two (2) Placement Shares subscribed for and issued under the Placement.

4

SPP Options to be issued to the SPP Participants on the basis of one (1) SPP Option for every two (2)
SPP Shares subscribed for and issued under the SPP. Includes a total of 1,500,000 SPP Options to be
issued to Jeremy King (or his nominee) subject to Shareholder approval, which the Company intends to
seek at its next general meeting.

5

Lead Manager Options to be issued to the Lead Manager in consideration for services provided in respect
of the Placement and SPP. Refer to Section 5.5 for further details regarding the material terms of the Lead
Manager Mandate.

6

New Listed Options are exercisable at $0.008 and expire 12 months from the date of issue. The full terms
and condition of the New Listed Options are set out in Section 4.3.

7

Comprising 19,500,000 Tranche 3 Performance Rights which vest upon the volume weighted average
price (VWAP) for 10 consecutive trading days of Shares on ASX equalling or exceeding $0.05 within 36
months of the date of issue. 5,500,000 Tranche 1 Performance Rights and 9,500,000 Tranche 2
Performance Rights have lapsed as the vesting conditions are incapable of satisfaction. The Performance
Rights were issued to the Directors on 1 June 2018 following Shareholder approval at the Company’s
general meeting held on 15 May 2018.

Details of substantial holders
Based on public information as at the date of this Prospectus, the persons who (together with
their associates) have a relevant interest in 5% or more of the Company’s securities are set
out below:
Shareholder

Shares

%

McNeil Nominees Pty Limited

92,544,401

9.87%

18

RIGHTS ATTACHING TO SECURITIES

4.1

Terms and Conditions of New Shares

For personal use only

4.

4.2

All New Shares issued will rank pari passu in all respects with the Company’s existing
ordinary fully paid shares. The Company will apply for Official ASX Quotation of all Shares
issued upon exercise of New Listed Options issued under the Offer.

Rights and Liabilities Attaching to Shares
The following is a general description of the more significant rights and liabilities attaching to
the Shares. This summary is not exhaustive. Full details of provisions relating to rights
attaching to the Shares are contained in the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules and the
Company’s Constitution, a copy of which is available for inspection at the Company’s
registered office during normal business hours.
(a)

General meetings and notices
Each member is entitled to receive notice of, and to attend and vote at, general
meetings of the Company and to receive all notices, accounts and other documents
required to be sent to members under the Constitution, the Corporations Act or the
Listing Rules.

(b)

Voting rights
Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes
of Shares, at a general meeting of the Company every holder of fully paid Shares
present in person or by an attorney, representative or proxy has one vote on a show
of hands (unless a member has appointed 2 proxies) and one vote per Share on a
poll.
A person who holds a Share which is not fully paid is entitled, on a poll, to a fraction
of a vote equal to the proportion which the amount paid bears to the total issue price
of the Share.

(c)

Issue of further Shares
The Directors may, on behalf of the Company, issue or grant Options over Shares to
any person on the terms, with the rights, and at the times that the Directors decide.
However, the Directors must act in accordance with the restrictions imposed by the
Constitution, the Listing Rules, the Corporations Act and any rights for the time being
attached to the Shares in any special class of those Shares.

(d)

Variation of rights
At present, the Company has on issue one class of Shares only, namely ordinary
Shares. Unless otherwise provided by the Constitution or by the terms of issue of a
class of Shares, the rights attached to the Shares in any class may be varied or
cancelled only with the written consent of the holders of at least three-quarters of the
issued Shares of the affected class, or by special resolution passed at a separate
meeting of the holders of the issued Shares of the affected class.

(e)

Transfer of Shares
Subject to the Constitution, the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, ordinary
Shares are freely transferable.
19

(f)

Dividends

For personal use only

Subject to the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules and the rights attaching to Shares
issued on special conditions (at present there are none), the Directors may from time
to time declare that a dividend is payable to the holders of ordinary Shares in
proportion to the number of Shares held by them respectively and are paid
proportionately to the amounts paid or credited as paid on Shares.

4.3

(g)

Winding up
Subject to the Constitution, the Corporations Act and the rights of holders of Shares
with special rights in a winding-up (at present there are none), on a winding-up of the
Company, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a special resolution of the
Company, divide among the Shareholders in kind the whole or any part of the property
of the Company and may for that purpose set the value the liquidator considers fair
upon any property to be so divided and may determine how the division is to be carried
out as between members or different classes of members.

(h)

Dividend reinvestment and share plans
The Directors may grant to Shareholders or any class of Shareholders the right to
elect that dividends payable by the Company be reinvested, including by way of
subscription for fully paid Shares in the Company or by foregoing any dividends that
may be payable on all or some of the Shares held by that member and to receive
instead some other entitlement, including the issue of Shares.

(i)

Powers of the Board
Except as otherwise required by the Corporations Act, any other law, the Listing Rules
or the Constitution, the Directors have power to manage the business of the Company
and may exercise all powers of the Company as are not required by the Corporations
Act, Listing Rules or Constitution, required to be exercised by the Company at general
meeting.

(j)

Unmarketable parcels
The Constitution permits the Company to sell the Shares held by a Shareholder if
they comprise less than a marketable parcel within the meaning of the Listing Rules.
If a Shareholder does not want its Shares sold, that Shareholder may notify the
Company accordingly.

(k)

Capitalisation of profits
The Company may capitalise profits, reserves or other amounts available for
distribution to members. Subject to the Constitution and the terms of issue of Shares,
members are entitled to participate in a capital distribution in proportion to the number
of Shares held by them.

(l)

Preference Shares
The Company may issue preference Shares including preference Shares that are
liable to be redeemed.

Rights and Liabilities Attaching to New Listed Options
The rights and liabilities attaching to the New Listed Options are as follows:
20

(a)

Entitlement
Subject to paragraph (n), each Option entitles the holder to subscribe for one Share
upon exercise of the Option.

For personal use only

(b)

Exercise Price
Subject to paragraphs (k) and (m), the amount payable upon exercise of each Option
will be $0.008 (Exercise Price).

(c)

Expiry Date
Each Option will expire at 5:00pm (WST) on the date that is 12 months from the date
of issue (Expiry Date). An Option not exercised before the Expiry Date will
automatically lapse on the Expiry Date.

(d)

Exercise Period
The Options are exercisable at any time on or prior to the Expiry Date (Exercise
Period).

(e)

(Notice of Exercise)
The Options may be exercised during the Exercise Period by notice in writing to the
Company in the manner specified on the Option certificate (Notice of Exercise) and
payment of the Exercise Price for each Option being exercised in Australian currency
by electronic funds transfer or other means of payment acceptable to the Company.

(f)

Exercise Date
A Notice of Exercise is only effective on and from the later of the date of receipt of the
Notice of Exercise and the date of receipt of the payment of the Exercise Price for
each Option being exercised in cleared funds (Exercise Date).

(g)

Timing of issue of Shares on exercise
Within 15 Business Days after the later of the following:
(i)

the Exercise Date; and

(ii)

when excluded information in respect to the Company (as defined in section
708A(7) of the Corporations Act) (if any) ceases to be excluded information,

but in any case no later than 20 Business Days after the Exercise Date, the Company
will:
(iii)

issue the number of Shares required under these terms and conditions in
respect of the number of Options specified in the Notice of Exercise and for
which cleared funds have been received by the Company;

(iv)

if required, give ASX a notice that complies with section 708A(5)(e) of the
Corporations Act, or, if the Company is unable to issue such a notice, lodge
with ASIC a prospectus prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act and
do all such things necessary to satisfy section 708A(11) of the Corporations
Act to ensure that an offer for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to
investors; and
21

For personal use only

(v)

if admitted to the official list of ASX at the time, apply for official quotation on
ASX of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options.

If a notice delivered under (g)(iv) for any reason is not effective to ensure that an offer
for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to investors, the Company must no
later than 20 Business Days after becoming aware of such notice being ineffective,
lodge with ASIC a prospectus prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act and
do all such things necessary to satisfy section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act to
ensure that an offer for sale of the Shares does not require disclosure to investors.
(h)

Quotation of Options
The Company will seek quotation of the Options in accordance with the Listing Rules
and Corporations Act, subject to satisfaction of the quotation conditions of the ASX
Listing Rules. In the event that quotation of the Options cannot be obtained, the
Options will remain unquoted.

(i)

Shares issued on exercise
Shares issued on exercise of the Options rank equally with the then issued shares of
the Company.

(j)

Quotation of Shares issued on exercise
If admitted to the official list of ASX at the time, application will be made by the
Company to ASX for quotation of the Shares issued upon the exercise of the Options.

(k)

Reconstruction of capital
If at any time the issued capital of the Company is reconstructed, all rights of a Option
optionholder are to be changed in a manner consistent with the Corporations Act and
the ASX Listing Rules at the time of the reconstruction.

(l)

Participation in new issues
There are no participation rights or entitlements inherent in the Options and holders
will not be entitled to participate in new issues of capital offered to Shareholders
during the currency of the Options without exercising the Options.

(m)

Adjustment for rights issue
In the event the Company proceeds with a pro rata issue (except a bonus issue) of
securities to Shareholders after the date of issue of the Options, the Exercise Price
will be reduced in accordance with the formula set out in ASX Listing Rule 6.22.2.

(n)

Adjustment for bonus issues of Shares
If the Company makes a bonus issue of Shares or other securities to existing
Shareholders (other than an issue in lieu or in satisfaction of dividends or by way of
dividend reinvestment):
(i)

the number of Shares which must be issued on the exercise of an Option will
be increased by the number of Shares which the Option optionholder would
have received if the optionholder had exercised the Option before the record
date for the bonus issue; and

(ii)

no change will be made to the Exercise Price.
22

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

5.1

Company Update

For personal use only

5.

5.2

5.3

Details of the Company’s current activities are set out in the announcements made by the
Company to the ASX and are available from the ASX, or the Company’s website at
www.redmountainmining.com.au.

Nature of this Prospectus
The New Listed Options to be issued pursuant to this Prospectus are options over
continuously quoted securities. This Prospectus is issued under the special prospectus
content rules for continuously quoted securities in Section 713 of the Corporations Act. This
enables listed disclosing entities, such as the Company, to issue a prospectus for
continuously quoted securities with modified disclosure requirements if they satisfy certain
requirements.
The information in this Prospectus principally concerns the terms and conditions of the Offer
and the information reasonably necessary to make an informed assessment of:
(a)

the effect of the Offers on the Company; and

(b)

the rights and liabilities attaching to the New Listed Options offered pursuant to this
Prospectus and the underlying securities.

The Prospectus is intended to be read in conjunction with the publicly available information
in relation to the Company which has been notified to ASX and does not include all of the
information that would be included in a prospectus for an initial public offering of securities in
an entity that is not already listed on a stock exchange. Investors should therefore also have
regard to the other publicly available information in relation to the Company before making a
decision whether or not to invest in the Company.

Continuous Reporting and Disclosure Obligations
As the Company is admitted to the official list of ASX, the Company is a “disclosing entity”
for the purposes of the Corporations Act. As such, it is subject to regular reporting and
disclosure obligations. Specifically, like all listed companies, the Company is required to
continuously disclose to the market any information it has which a reasonable person would
expect to have a material effect on the price or the value of the Company’s securities.
Price sensitive information is publicly released through ASX before it is disclosed to
Shareholders and market participants. Distribution of other information to Shareholders and
market participants is also managed through disclosure to ASX. In addition, the Company
posts information on its website after the ASX confirms an announcement has been made,
with the aim of making the information readily accessible to the widest audience.
Investors are encouraged to check and monitor any further announcements made by the
Company to ASX prior to securities being issued under the Offer. To do so, please refer to
the Company’s ASX announcements platform via www.asx.com.au.
By virtue of section 713 of the Corporations Act, the Company is entitled to issue a
“transaction-specific” prospectus in respect of the Offer.
In general terms, a “transaction-specific prospectus” is only required to contain information
in relation to the effect of the issue of securities on the Company and the rights and liabilities
attaching to the securities. It is not necessary to include general information in relation to all
23

of the assets and liabilities, financial position and performance, profits and losses or
prospects of the issuing company.

For personal use only

As a disclosing entity under the Corporations Act, the Company states that:
(a)

it is subject to regular reporting and disclosure obligations;

(b)

copies of documents lodged with ASIC in relation to the Company may be obtained
from, or inspected at, an office of ASIC; and

(c)

it will provide a copy of each of the following documents, free of charge, to any person
on request between the date of issue of this Prospectus and the Closing Date:
(i)

the annual financial report of the Company for the financial year ended 30
June 2019;

(ii)

any half-year financial report of the Company lodged with ASIC after the
lodgement of the annual financial report referred to above and before the
lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC; and

(iii)

all continuous disclosure notices given by the Company after the lodgement
of the annual financial report referred to above and before the lodgement of
this Prospectus with ASIC (see below).

There is no information which has been excluded from a continuous disclosure notice in
accordance with the ASX Listing Rules that investors or their professional advisers:
(a)

(b)

would reasonably require for the purpose of making an informed assessment of:
(i)

the assets and liabilities, financial position and performance, profits and losses
and prospects of the Company; and

(ii)

the rights and liabilities attaching to the securities the subject of this
Prospectus; and

would reasonably expect to find in this Prospectus.

This Prospectus contains information specific to the Offers. If investors require further
information in relation to the Company, they are recommended to take advantage of the
opportunity to inspect or obtain copies of the documents referred to above.
The following announcements have been lodged with ASX in respect of the Company since
the Company lodged its annual financial report for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 on
27 September 2019.
Date

Title

06/07/2020

Change of Director's Interest Notice x 3

06/07/2020

Cleansing Notice

06/07/2020

Appendix 2A

06/07/2020

RMX to acquire highly prospective WA Gold Project

02/07/2020

Trading Halt

29/06/2020

RMX Secures Footprint in Emerging Gold Region

29/06/2020

RMX Closes Oversubscribed SPP – Amended
24

For personal use only

Date

Title

29/06/2020

RMX Closes Oversubscribed SPP

18/06/2020

Mukabe Kasari Exploration

04/06/2020

Despatch of Share Purchase Plan Documentation

02/06/2020

Cleansing Statement

02/06/2020

Appendix 2A

29/05/2020

Proposed issue of Securities - RMX

29/05/2020

RMX Fully Funded & Company Update

25/05/2020

Trading Halt

15/05/2020

Change of Director's Interest Notice

30/04/2020

Quarterly Activities Report & Appendix 5B

20/03/2020

Results of Meeting

17/03/2020

RMX Completes Geological Data Compilation at Mt Mansbridge

13/03/2020

Half Yearly Report and Accounts

06/03/2020

Change of Director's Interest Notice

20/02/2020

Notice of General Meeting/Proxy Form

11/02/2020

RMX to Acquire and Drill Mt Mansbridge

31/01/2020

Quarterly Activities Report & Appendix 5B

18/12/2019

Further Excellent Testwork Results at MT Kokeby

17/12/2019

Constitution

10/12/2019

Presentation December 2019

06/12/2019

Cleansing Notice

06/12/2019

Appendix 3B

03/12/2019

Mt Kokeby Kaolin Returns Outstanding Yields

28/11/2019

Results of Annual General Meeting

19/11/2019

High Grade Kaolin Results Confirm DSO Potential

30/10/2019

Quarterly Activities Report

30/10/2019

Quarterly Cashflow Report

30/10/2019

Expiry of Quoted Options

29/10/2019

Notice of Annual General Meeting/Proxy Form

29/10/2019

RMX Expands Footprint at Mt Mansbridge HREE Project

24/10/2019

Company Strategy Update on Upcoming Acquisitions

23/10/2019

Mt Kokeby Ground Work Commences

02/10/2019

Additional Disclosure Under LR7.1A.4(B) & LR3.10.5A

02/10/2019

Cleansing Notice

02/10/2019

Appendix 3B

01/10/2019

Reinstatement to Official Quotation

01/10/2019

RMX to Acquire High Grade Kaolin Project - MT Kokeby
25

For personal use only

5.4

5.5

5.6

5.7

Date

Title

30/09/2019

Extension of Voluntary Suspension

27/09/2019

Corporate Governance Statement

27/09/2019

Appendix 4G

Market Price of Shares
The highest and lowest closing prices of Shares on the ASX during the 3 months preceding
the date of this Prospectus, and the closing price on the trading day before the date of this
Prospectus, are set out below.
Price ($)

Date

Highest

$0.006

1 July and 6 July 2020

Lowest

$0.003

7 April, 9 April, 14 April, 15 April, 20 April, 24
April, 27 April, 30 April, 1 May to 8 May, 13
May, 18 May and 12 June 2020

Last

$0.006

6 July 2020

Lead Manager Mandate
The Company engaged the services of Xcel Capital to manage the Placement and the SPP.
Pursuant to the Lead Manager Mandate, the Company has agreed to:
(a)

pay Xcel Capital a capital raising fee of 6% (exclusive of GST) on the gross proceeds
of all funds raised by Xcel Capital under the Placement and the Plan;

(b)

pay Xcel Capital a management fee of $10,000 (exclusive of GST) for managing the
Placement and the SPP; and

(c)

issue Xcel Capital (or its nominee) 7,000,000 Lead Manager Options in consideration
for its services in relation to the Placement and SPP.

The Lead Manager Mandate otherwise contains terms and conditions considered standard
for an agreement of this nature.

Litigation
The Directors are not aware of any legal proceedings which have been threatened or actually
commenced against the Company.

Directors’ Interests
Other than as set out below or elsewhere in this Prospectus, no Director has, or had within
two years before lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC, any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company;

(b)

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its
formation or promotion of the Offer; or

(c)

the Offer,
26

For personal use only

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid (in cash or securities or otherwise) and
no benefits have been given or agreed to be given to any Director:
(a)

to induce him to become, or to qualify him as, a Director; or

(b)

for services rendered by him in connection with the formation or promotion of the
Company or the Offer.

Remuneration
The remuneration (including superannuation) paid to the Directors for the two financial years
prior to the date of this Prospectus, and proposed to be paid to the Directors for the current
financial year (on an annualised basis), is set out below.
Director

FY 2018

FY 2019

FY 2020

Jeremy King1

$120,000

$120,0004

$120,000

Lincoln Ho2

$36,000

$36,0005

$36,000

Robert Parton3

$24,000

$24,0006

$24,000

Notes:
1

Jeremy King was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 19 July 2016.

2

Lincoln Ho was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 1 July 2016.

3

Robert Parton was appointed as Non-Executive Director on 1 December 2016.

4

Mr King also received (following Shareholder approval) 3,000,000 Tranche 1 Performance Rights,
6,000,000 Tranche 2 Performance Rights and 13,000,000 Tranche 3 Performance Rights as part of his
remuneration as a Non-Executive Director of the Company. The Tranche 1 Performance Rights and
Tranche 2 Performance Rights have lapsed as the vesting conditions are incapable of satisfaction. Refer
to the Company’s notice of meeting for its general meeting held on 15 May 2018 for the full terms and
conditions of the Performance Rights.

5

Mr Ho also received (following Shareholder approval) 2,000,000 Tranche 1 Performance Rights, 3,000,000
Tranche 2 Performance Rights and 6,000,000 Tranche 3 Performance Rights as part of his remuneration
as a Non-Executive Director of the Company. The Tranche 1 Performance Rights and Tranche 2
Performance Rights have lapsed as the vesting conditions are incapable of satisfaction. Refer to the
Company’s notice of meeting for its general meeting held on 15 May 2018 for the full terms and conditions
of the Performance Rights.

6

Mr Parton also received (following Shareholder approval) 500,000 Tranche 1 Performance Rights, 500,000
Tranche 2 Performance Rights and 500,000 Tranche 3 Performance Rights as part of his remuneration as
a Non-Executive Director of the Company. The Tranche 1 Performance Rights and Tranche 2 Performance
Rights have lapsed as the vesting conditions are incapable of satisfaction. Refer to the Company’s notice
of meeting for its general meeting held on 15 May 2018 for the full terms and conditions of the Performance
Rights.

Securities
The securities in which the Directors and their associates have or are proposed to have
relevant interests in at the date of this Prospectus are set out below.
Director

Shares

Options

Performance Rights1

Jeremy King2

13,000,000

Nil3

13,000,000

27

Lincoln Ho4

4,000,000

Nil

6,000,000

Robert Parton5

Nil

Nil

500,000

For personal use only

Notes:

5.8

5.9

1

Comprising19,500,000 Tranche 3 Performance Rights which vest upon the VWAP for 10 consecutive
trading days of Shares on ASX equalling or exceeding $0.05 within 36 months of the date of issue. The
Tranche 1 Performance Rights and Tranche 2 Performance Rights have lapsed as the vesting conditions
are incapable of satisfaction. The Performance Rights were issued to the Directors on 1 June 2018
following Shareholder approval at the Company’s general meeting held on 15 May 2018. Refer to the
Company’s notice of meeting for its general meeting held on 15 May 2018 for the full terms and conditions
of the Performance Rights.

2

Held indirectly by Bushwood Nominees Pty Ltd, a company of which Mr King is a director.

3

The Company intends to seek Shareholder approval at its next general meeting to issue 1,500,000 SPP
Options to Mr King (or his nominee).

4

3,000,000 Shares held indirectly by Saltus Corporate Pty Ltd as trustee for the LLPMH Investment Trust.
Mr Ho is a director of the trustee and beneficiary of the trust.

5

Held indirectly by TPG Australasia Pty Ltd, a company of which Mr Parton is a director.

Related Party Transactions
There are no related party transactions entered into that have not otherwise been disclosed
in this Prospectus.

Interests and Consents of Advisers
Other than as set out below or elsewhere in this Prospectus, no underwriter, promoter or any
other person named in this Prospectus as performing a function in a professional, advisory
or other capacity in connection with the preparation or distribution of the Prospectus holds,
or has held within two years before lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC, any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

(b)

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its
formation or promotion of the Offer; or

(c)

the Offer,

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid (in cash or Shares or otherwise) to any
underwriter, promoter or any other person named in this Prospectus as performing a function
in a professional, advisory or other capacity in connection with the preparation or distribution
of this Prospectus, for services rendered by that person in connection with the formation or
promotion of the Company or the Offer.
Pursuant to Section 716 of the Corporations Act, Nova Legal has given, and has not
withdrawn its consent to being named as Solicitors to the Company in the Corporate Directory
of this Prospectus in the form and context in which it is named. Nova Legal has not caused
or authorised the issue of this Prospectus, does not make or purport to make any statement
in this Prospectus and to the maximum extent permitted by law, expressly disclaims and
takes no responsibility for any part of this Prospectus other than a reference to its name.
Nova Legal has acted as the solicitors to the Company in relation to the Offer. The Company
estimates it will pay Nova Legal approximately $10,000 (excluding GST and disbursements)
for these services. During the 24 months preceding lodgement of this Prospectus with the
ASIC, Nova Legal has received fees of $49,507 (including GST and disbursements) in
respect of general legal services provided to the Company.
28

For personal use only

Pursuant to Section 716 of the Corporations Act, Xcel Capital has given, and has not
withdrawn its consent to being named as Lead Manager to the Placement and SPP in this
Prospectus. Xcel Capital has not caused or authorised the issue of this Prospectus, does
not make or purport to make any statement in this Prospectus and to the maximum extent
permitted by law, expressly disclaims and takes no responsibility for any part of this
Prospectus other than a reference to its name. Refer to Section 5.5 for details of the fees
payable to Xcel Capital as consideration for services provided in respect of the Placement
and the SPP. During the 24 months preceding lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC,
Xcel Capital has received fees of $549,340 (including GST) in respect of services provided
to the Company.
Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited (Share Registry) has been appointed to
conduct the Company's share registry functions and to provide administrative services in
respect to the processing of Application Forms received pursuant to this Prospectus, and are
paid for these services on standard industry terms and conditions. References to the Share
Registry appear for information purposes only. The Share Registry has given and, as at the
date hereof, has not withdrawn, its written consent to be named as Share Registry in the form
and context in which it is named. The Share Registry has had no involvement in the
preparation of any part of the Prospectus other than being named as Share Registry to the
Company. The Share Registry has not authorised or caused the issue of, and expressly
disclaims and takes no responsibility for, any part of the Prospectus.
RSM Australia Partners (Auditor) has given and, as at the date hereof, has not withdrawn,
its written consent to use of the reviewed statement of financial position as at 31 December
2019 set out in Annexure A of this Prospectus. The Auditor has had no involvement in the
preparation of any part of the Prospectus other than being named as Auditor to the Company.
The Auditor has not authorised or caused the issue of, and expressly disclaims and takes no
responsibility for, any part of the Prospectus.

5.10 Estimated Expenses of the Offers
In the event the Offers are fully subscribed, the estimated expenses of the Offers (excluding
GST) are as follows:
Item

Amount ($)

ASIC fees

$3,206

ASX fees

$4,421

Legal and other professional fees

$10,000

Printing, registry and other expenses

$2,000

Total

$19,627

Note: The Company engaged the services of Xcel Capital to manage the Placement and the
SPP. Refer to Section 5.5 for details of the fees payable to Xcel Capital pursuant to the Lead
Manager Mandate.

5.11 Electronic Prospectus
Pursuant to ASIC Regulatory Guide 107, ASIC has exempted compliance with certain
provisions of the Corporations Act to allow distribution of an electronic prospectus on the
basis of a paper prospectus lodged with ASIC, and the publication of notices referring to an
electronic prospectus, subject to compliance with certain conditions.
29

For personal use only

If you have received this Prospectus as an electronic Prospectus, please ensure that you
have received the entire Prospectus. If you have not, please contact the Company and the
Company will send you, for free, either a hard copy or a further electronic copy of the
Prospectus or both.
The Company reserves the right not to accept an Application Form from a person if it has
reason to believe that when that person was given access to the electronic Application Form,
it was not provided together with the electronic Prospectus and any relevant supplementary
or Prospectus or any of those documents were incomplete or altered.

30

6.

DIRECTOR’S CONSENT

For personal use only

This Prospectus is dated 7 July 2020 and is issued by Red Mountain Mining Limited.
The Directors have made all reasonable enquires and on that basis have reasonable grounds
to believe that any statements made by the Directors in this Prospectus are not misleading
or deceptive.
This Prospectus is prepared on the basis that certain matters may reasonably be expected
to be known to likely investors or their professional advisors.
Each of the Directors of Red Mountain Mining Limited has consented to the lodgement of this
Prospectus in accordance with Section 720 of the Corporations Act and has not withdrawn
that consent.
Signed for and on behalf of Red Mountain Mining Limited:

Jeremy King
Non-Executive Director

31

7.

DEFINITIONS
Applicant means a person who applies for New Listed Options pursuant to the Offers.

For personal use only

Application Form means an application form attached to or accompanying this Prospectus.
ASIC means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) operating as the Australian Securities
Exchange.
Business Day means any day which is defined to be a Business Day pursuant to Listing
Rule 19.12 of the Listing Rules.
CHESS means Clearing House Electronic Sub-register System of ASX Settlement Pty Ltd
(ACN 008 504 532).
Closing Date means the closing date of the Offers being 5.00pm WST on 8 July 2020 (unless
extended).
Company means Red Mountain Mining Limited (ACN 119 568 106).
Constitution means the Company’s Constitution as at the date of this Prospectus.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Cth means the Commonwealth of Australia.
Directors means directors of the Company.
Dollars or $ means dollars in Australian currency.
Eligible Participants means the Placement Participants, the SPP Participants and the Lead
Manager.
Eligible Shareholder means a person registered as the holder of Shares as at 5.00pm WST
on the SPP Record Date whose registered address is in Australia or New Zealand.
GST means goods and service tax levied in Australia pursuant to A New Tax System (Goods
and Services Tax) Act 1999 (Cth).
Lead Manager or Xcel Capital means Xcel Capital Pty Ltd (ACN 617 047 319).
Lead Manager Options means the listed Options offered pursuant to the Lead Manager
Options Offer, on the terms and conditions set out in Section 4.3.
Lead Manager Options Offer has the meaning given in Section 1.2(c).
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of the ASX.
New Listed Options means the Placement Options, SPP Options and Lead Manager
Options offered pursuant to the Offers, on the terms and conditions set out in Section 4.3.
Offers means the Placement Options Offer, SPP Options Offer and Lead Manager Options
Offer.
Official List means the official list of ASX.
32

Opening Date means 7 July 2020.
Option means an option to acquire a Share.

For personal use only

Placement has the meaning given to it in Section 1.1.
Placement Options means the listed Options offered pursuant to the Placement Options
Offer, on the terms and conditions set out in Section 4.3.
Placement Options Offer has the meaning given in Section 1.2(a).
Placement Participants has the meaning given in Section 1.1.
Placement Shares means the Shares issued pursuant to the Placement.
Prospectus means this prospectus dated 7 July 2020.
Quotation and Official Quotation means official quotation on ASX.
Securities means Shares and/or Options.
Share means a fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company.
Shareholder means the holder of a Share as recorded in the register of the Company.
Share Registry means Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited.
SPP has the meaning given in Section 1.1.
SPP Options means the listed Options offered pursuant to the SPP Options Offer, on the
terms and conditions set out in Section 4.3.
SPP Options Offer has the meaning given in Section 1.2(b)
SPP Participants has the meaning given in Section 1.1.
SPP Record Date means 5.00pm (WST) on Thursday, 28 May 2020.
WST means Western Standard Time, Perth, Western Australia.

33

Annexure A – Pro-Forma Statement of Financial Position

For personal use only

Pro-Forma Statement of Financial Position as at 31 December 2019
Reviewed

Pro Forma

Pro Forma

31-Dec-19

Adjustments

After Issue

(a), (b), (c),
$

$

$

ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash & cash equivalents

1,945,621

473,899

2,419,520

Trade and other receivables

252,673

252,673

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

241,840

241,840

Total Current Assets

2,440,134

473,899

2,914,033

Non-Current Assets
Exploration and evaluation expenditure

671,339

671,339

Right of use asset

104,892

104,892

Total Non-Current Assets

776,231

-

776,231

3,216,365

473,899

3,690,264

TOTAL ASSETS
Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables

153,011

153,011

Lease liability

108,532

108,532

Total Current Liabilities

261,543

-

261,543

TOTAL LIABILITIES

261,543

-

261,543

2,954,822

473,899

3,428,721

NET ASSETS
Equity
Contributed equity

42,088,963

497,560

42,586,523

Reserves

10,695,531

10,897

10,706,428

Accumulated losses
TOTAL EQUITY

(49,829,672)
2,954,822

(34,559) (49,864,231)
473,899

3,428,721

The unaudited pro forma statement of financial position has been prepared on the basis that there have been
no material movements in the assets and liabilities of the Company between 31 December 2019 and the
completion of the Offers other than:
1

the issue of 60,000,000 Placement Shares at an issue price of $0.004 per Placement Share under the
Placement to raise $240,000 (before costs)

2

the issue of 75,000,000 SPP Shares at an issue price of $0.004 per SPP Share under the SPP to raise
$300,000 (before costs);

3

the issue of 30,000,000 Placement Options under the Placement Options Offer;

34

the issue of 37,500,000 SPP Options under the SPP Options Offer;

5

the issue of 7,000,000 Lead Manager Options under the Lead Manger Options Offer; and

6

total estimated costs of the Placement, the SPP and the Offers of $76,998 (including ASX fees, ASIC
fees, professional fees and Lead Manager Options valued at $10,897).

For personal use only

4

35

