For personal use only

7 July 2020

SPORTSHERO LAUNCHES FIRST FULLY LOCALISED INDONESIAN PLATFORM
COVERING INTERNATIONAL FOOTBALL
HIGHLIGHTS
•

SportsHero’s localised Indonesian app is branded ‘Olahbola’ and launched to coincide
with the resumption of major football leagues, including the English Premier League
and Spain’s La Liga.

•

Olahbola will be SportsHero’s first locally branded and fully localised football app
covering international football for the Indonesian market.

•

Olahbola will showcase Dugout’s interactive video content, being the first time
SportsHero has been able to utilise Dugout’s international football content.

SportsHero Limited (ASX: SHO) (SportsHero or Company) is pleased to announce the official
Indonesian launch of the Company’s locally branded and fully localised international football
app, Olahbola (‘Olahbola’ being the collective chant of Indonesian football crowds).
The Indonesian version of SportsHero’s platform is dedicated to international football and
caters to the millions of fanatical Indonesian football fans who follow and support international
football leagues, such as Spain’s La Liga.
The launch is timed to coincide with the resumption of the major international football leagues,
including the English Premier League and La Liga.
Olahbola will showcase Dugout’s unparalleled video content. This being the first time
SportsHero has been able to utilise Dugout’s international football content since the
Company’s partnership with Dugout was announced in early May. Dugout is a unique media
company co-owned by 10 of the world’s biggest football clubs that attracts approximately 40
million video views per month in Indonesia.
Additionally, and as detailed in the Company’s announcements of 5 and 6 May 2020, Dugout
has guaranteed that an Olahbola promotional video clip will be viewed in Indonesia 750,000
times per month. The Olahbola promotional video is available on the Company’s website
(asx.sportshero.live/).
The Olahbola app will provide dynamic video content from the biggest and most popular
football leagues, providing a platform for advertisers and, in turn, revenue opportunities for the
Company.
The launch of Olahbola will provide the significant number of football fans in Indonesia with
the opportunity to predict outcomes, compete with other users on leaderboards and win
prizes, including ‘money can’t buy’ experiences, merchandise and entertainment products.
Tom Lapping, Chief Executive Officer of SportsHero, said: “Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic
we have been diligently working to enhance our platform and to coincide the Olahbola
launch with the resumption of major international football leagues.”

SportsHero Limited
ABN 98 123 423 987
Principal and Registered Office: 29 Brookside Place, Lota, Queensland 4179
Tel/Fax: +61 7 3901 0751

“Olahbola presents SportsHero with a huge opportunity to connect with the millions of
passionate football fans in Indonesia and to foster a dedicated group of Indonesian football
followers through content engagement and gamification.”

For personal use only

The Bahasa language Olahbola web app is available at ‘olahbola.com’. Screenshots from the
mobile app are shown below.

Authorised for release by the Board
Michael Higginson
Director/Company Secretary

SportsHero Limited
ABN 98 123 423 987
Principal and Registered Office: 29 Brookside Place, Lota, Queensland 4179
Tel/Fax: +61 7 3901 0751

