For personal use only

07 July 2020

SRG Global Secures ~NZ$25m Transport Infrastructure
Maintenance Contract in New Zealand
Highlights
•

•
•

SRG Global has secured an eight-year contract for inspection and specialist maintenance
services on the Auckland Harbour Bridge
Estimated revenues under the contract are ~NZ$25 million
Scope of work includes the provision of inspection and specialist maintenance services

Overview

SRG Global Ltd (‘SRG Global’ or ‘the Company’) (ASX: SRG) is pleased to announce that it has
secured an eight-year contract with the Auckland System Management Maintenance Alliance (‘ASM’)
for maintenance services on the Auckland Harbour Bridge. The ultimate client for these works is Waka
Kotahi New Zealand Transport Agency (‘Waka Kotahi’). The scope of the contract includes provision
of inspection and specialist maintenance services. Works under the contract have commenced and
will conclude in 2028, with total estimated revenues under the contact of approximately NZ$25 million
before additional capital works.
The Auckland Harbour Bridge is an eight-lane motorway bridge over the Waitematā Harbour in
Auckland, New Zealand. The Bridge was opened in 1959 and SRG Global has been providing a range
of inspection and specialist maintenance services for Waka Kotahi over the past 22 years.
David Macgeorge, Managing Director, commented: “This is a significant award for SRG Global and
our New Zealand operations. The Auckland Harbour Bridge is an iconic piece of New Zealand
transport infrastructure and we are pleased to extend our long-term relationship with Waka Kotahi
New Zealand Transport Agency under this new agreement with the Alliance.”

Media Contact
Citadel-MAGNUS
Michael Weir
+61 402 347 032

– ends –
Investor Contact
SRG Global
Judson Lorkin
(08) 9267 5400

About SRG Global
SRG Global is an engineering-led specialist maintenance, mining services and construction group
operating across the entire asset lifecycle of engineer, construct and sustain. The Company operates
three segments of Asset Services, Mining Services and Construction. For more information about the
variety of services offered by SRG Global, click here.
This announcement was authorised for release to ASX by the Managing Director.

