ABN 16 165 160 841

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE

3rd July 2020
Institutional Entitlement Offer Completed

Amplia Therapeutics Limited (ASX: ATX) (“Amplia” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce it has
successfully completed the Institutional Entitlement Offer component of the fully underwritten,
accelerated, non-renounceable entitlement offer (Entitlement Offer). The Entitlement Offer was
announced on 1st July 2020 and is raising a total of approximately $4.0 million at $0.10 per share.
The Institutional Entitlement Offer has raised $2.0 million and was strongly supported by the
Company’s largest shareholder, Platinum International Healthcare Fund, along with a new cornerstone
shareholder who is highly experienced in biotechnology investments.
A total of 19.9 million new fully paid ordinary shares (New Shares) will be issued under the Institutional
Entitlement Offer. The remaining 20.0 million New Shares will be offered under the Retail Entitlement
Offer which will open on Wednesday 8th July 2020 and close on Tuesday 28th July 2020. Eligible Retail
Shareholders will be entitled to apply for up to 3 New Shares for every 5 shares they hold on Friday
3rd July 2020 (Record Date) and are able to subscribe for New Shares over and above their Entitlement
under a Shortfall Facility.
The New Shares subscribed for under the Institutional Entitlement Offer are expected to be issued on
Friday, 10th July 2020.
The proceeds from the Entitlement Offer will be used to fund a Phase 1 clinical trial of the Company’s
FAK inhibitor drug AMP945, additional non-clinical studies and provide additional working capital for
the Company. Assuming a successful outcome, the data from the Phase 1 trial will be relevant for
progressing AMP945 into Phase 2 trials in patients with certain advanced cancers or with fibrotic
diseases, such as Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Commenting on the results of the Institutional Entitlement Offer, Amplia’s Chief Executive Officer
Dr John Lambert said “We are very encouraged to see such strong support and commitment from
existing and new institutional investors as we commence our transition to becoming a clinical stage
drug development company”.
Taylor Collison is acting as Underwriter and Lead Manager to the Offer.
The Company’s ordinary shares will resume trading from market open today (Friday, 3rd July) on an
ex-entitlement basis.
Please refer to the Company’s announcements lodged on ASX (www.asx.com.au) for further
information about the Entitlement Offer. Investors may also contact the Company on
info@ampliatx.com
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised for release by the Board of Amplia Therapeutics.
- End -

Level 29, 55 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
Email info@ampliatx.com

www.ampliatx.com

For personal use only

For Further Information
Dr. John Lambert
Chief Executive Officer
john@ampliatx.com
www.ampliatx.com

About Amplia Therapeutics Limited
Amplia Therapeutics Limited is an Australian pharmaceutical company advancing a pipeline of Focal
Adhesion Kinase (FAK) inhibitors for cancer and fibrosis. FAK is an increasingly important target in
the field of cancer immunology and Amplia has a particular development focus in pancreatic and
ovarian cancer. FAK also plays a significant role in a number of chronic diseases, such as idiopathic
pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).

