For personal use only

3 July 2020
ASX Limited
10th Floor
20 Bridge Street
Sydney NSW 2000
NEW INTERNATIONAL PATENT APPLICATION FOR BPH INVESTEE CORTICAL
DYNAMICS LTD

BPH Energy Ltd (ASX:BPH) investee company Cortical Dynamics Ltd (“Cortical”) is pleased to
announce the filing confirmation of a new international patent application. The patent application
for “Apparatus and process for measuring brain activity “ has been given International (PCT) Patent
Application No. PCT/AU2020/050535.
Cortical has developed an extensive patent portfolio encapsulating the BARM , providing critical
patent protection across a number of key brain monitoring markets.
Corticals’ competitive advantage is underpinned by a strong patent position covered by five patent
families and 22 granted patents.
Currently, Cortical has patents awarded in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, the People’s Republic of
China, Europe and the United States.
h
to 5th
David Breeze (Director) authorised the release of this announcement to the market. BPH has a net
interest of 16% in Cortical Dynamics Ltd. (https://corticaldynamics.com/).
Authorised by
David Breeze
Executive Director

BPH Energy Ltd ACN 095 912 002
PO Box 317, North Perth, Western Australia 6906
14 View Street, North Perth, Western Australia 6006
admin@bphenergy.com.au
www.bphenergy.com.au
T: +61 8 9328 8366 F: +61 8 9328 8733

For personal use only

About Cortical
Cortical is an Australian based medical device technology company that has developed a next generation
Brain Function Monitor. The company is focused on commercialising the intellectual property developed at
Swinburne University. The core-product the Brain Anaesthesia Response (BAR) monitor has been developed
with the objective of better detecting the effect of anaesthetic agents on brain activity, aiding anaesthetists in
keeping patients optimally anaesthetised.
The BAR monitor improves on currently used electroencephalogram (EEG) technologies by incorporating
the latest advances in our understanding of how the brain’s rhythmic electrical activity, the
electroencephalogram (EEG), is produced. The approach used is fundamentally different from all other
devices currently available in the market in that its underlying algorithm produces EEG indexes which are
directly related to the physiological state of the patient’s brain.
The global brain monitoring devices market is broadly segmented into three categories based on its product,
application, and end-user. Fueling market growth is the various technological advancements which are
leading to high functionality, lower costs, ease of operation, and miniaturization of devices.
Cortical will initially focus on the Total Intravenous Anaesthesia (“TIVA”) market within Europe. TIVA
provides a method of inducing and maintaining general anaesthesia without the use of any inhalation agents.
The English healthcare body NICE (National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) has recommended
EEG (electroencephalogram) based depth of anaesthesia monitors as options in patients receiving TIVA and
in patients who are considered at higher risk of adverse outcomes during any type of general anaesthesia.
This includes patients at higher risk of unintended awareness and/or excessively deep anaesthesia. It has
been estimated that approximately 29 million major general surgery general anaesthesias are conducted in
the EU each year of which 55% are balanced anaesthesia (using a combination of intravenous agents such as
propofol and volatile gases) and 20% are total intravenous anaesthesia (TIVA) using propofol.
Cortical now has Seattle based, USA IntuitiveX (“IX”) and Seoul based, Gentium Partners as shareholders.
IX is a US life science accelerator, incubator and consulting service investor.

