For personal use only

3 July 2020

ACN 124 873 507

REPLACEMENT PROSPECTUS

For a pro-rata non-renounceable issue of 1 New Share for every 4 Shares held by Eligible Shareholders
registered at the Record Date at an issue price of $0.005 per New Share, together with 1 free attaching
New Option for each 2 New Shares subscribed for, exercisable at $0.012 on or before 31 January 2022
to raise up to approximately $4,237,486 before costs of the issue (Rights Issue).

ASX Code: CGB

IMPORTANT NOTICE
This document is important and requires your immediate attention. It should be read in its
entirety. If you do not understand its contents or are in doubt as to the course you should follow,
you should consult your stockbroker or professional adviser.

For personal use only

INDEX
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Section 5
Section 6

DETAILS OF THE RIGHTS ISSUE
CAPITAL STRUCTURE & EFFECT OF THE RIGHTS ISSUE ON THE COMPANY
RISK FACTORS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
DEFINED TERMS
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT & CONSENT

1
10
15
27
37
40

IMPORTANT NOTICE
Prospectus
This Replacement Prospectus is dated 3 July 2020 and was lodged with ASIC on that date. This
Replacement Prospectus replaces the Prospectus lodged by the Company on 1 July 2020 (Original
Prospectus). For the purposes of this document, this Replacement Prospectus will be referred to as
“Replacement Prospectus” or “Prospectus” moving forward. No responsibility for the contents of this
Prospectus is taken by ASIC nor ASX.
The New Shares and New Options issued pursuant to this Prospectus will be issued on the terms and
conditions set out in this Prospectus. No New Shares or New Options will be issued on the basis of this
Prospectus later than 13 months after the date of this Prospectus.
In preparing this Prospectus regard has been had to the fact the Company is a disclosing entity for the
purposes of the Corporations Act and certain matters may reasonably be expected to be known to
investors and professional advisers who investors may consult. No person is authorised to give any
information or to make any representation in connection with the Rights Issue described in this
Prospectus. Any information or representation which is not contained in this Prospectus or disclosed
by the Company pursuant to its continuous disclosure obligations may not be relied upon as having
been authorised by the Company in connection with the issue of this Prospectus.
Throughout this Prospectus, for ease of reading, various words and phrases have been defined rather
than used in full on each occasion. Those words and phrases (and their associated definitions) are set
out in Section 5 of this Prospectus.
Replacement Prospectus
The main difference between this Replacement Prospectus and the Original Prospectus is that the issue
price of each New Share under the Rights Issue has been amended from $0.0055 per New Share to
$0.005 per New Share. The reason for this change is so that the Rights Issue is in compliance with the
ASX Operating Rules and systems parameters (which stipulate that a minimum price increment of
$0.001 must be used). As a result of this change, the maximum amount raised by the Rights Issue has
been varied.
As this Replacement Prospectus has been lodged 2 business days after the Original Prospectus, the
timetable for the Offer has been extended by 2 business days accordingly.
There are no other material changes to the Prospectus.
Electronic Prospectus
A copy of this Prospectus in electronic format may be viewed at https://www.canngloballimited.com/
or the website of ASX by Australian investors only. The Rights Issue constituted by this Prospectus in
i

For personal use only

electronic form is only available to Eligible Shareholders receiving this Prospectus in electronic form
within Australia.
New Shares and New Options will only be issued with respect to the Entitlement and Acceptance Form
if the Company is satisfied the Entitlement and Acceptance Form was attached to a complete and
unaltered version of this Prospectus. A paper copy of this Prospectus may be obtained free of charge
on request by contacting the Company before 5pm (EST) on the Closing Date.
Risk factors
Before deciding to invest in the Company, potential investors should read the entire Prospectus. In
considering the prospects for the Company, potential investors should consider the risk factors that
could affect the performance of the Company. Please refer to Section 3 for further information.

ii

Overseas Shareholders

For personal use only

The New Shares and New Options being offered under this Prospectus are being offered to Eligible
Shareholders only.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer or invitation in any place in which, or to any person to
whom it would not be lawful to make such an offer or invitation. The distribution of this Prospectus in
jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by law and persons who come into possession of this
Prospectus should seek advice on and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these
restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.
The offer contained in this Prospectus to Eligible Shareholders with registered addresses in New
Zealand is made in reliance on the Securities Act (Overseas Companies) Exemption Notice 2013 (New
Zealand). Members of the public in New Zealand who are not existing Shareholders on the Record Date
are not entitled to apply for any New Shares or New Options.
Please refer to Section 1.23 for further information.
Forward-looking statements
This Prospectus may contain forward-looking statements that have been based on current
circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions
that could cause those acts, events and circumstances to differ materially from the expectations
described in such forward-looking statements.
Key Dates
Event

Date

Announcement of Rights Issue

Friday 3 July 2020

Lodgement of Prospectus with ASIC

Friday 3 July 2020

Lodgement of Prospectus and Appendix 3B with ASX

Friday 3 July 2020

“Ex” date

Wednesday 8 July 2020

Record date for determining Entitlements (5.00pm EST)

Thursday 9 July 2020

Prospectus despatched to Eligible Shareholders/Opening Date

Monday 13 July 2020

Last day to extend the Closing Date

Monday 20 July 2020

Closing Date

Thursday 23 July 2020

Deferred settlement trading occurs

Friday 24 July 2020

Notify ASX of Shortfall

Tuesday 28 July 2020

Issue Date – deferred settlement ends

Thursday 30 July 2020

Normal T+2 trading commences

Friday 31 July 2020

* The Directors may extend the Closing Date by giving at least 3 Business Days’ notice to ASX prior to

iii

For personal use only

the Closing Date. As such, the date the New Shares and New Options are expected to commence
trading on ASX may vary.

iv

LETTER FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON

For personal use only

Dear Shareholders,
Every cloud has a silver lining. The advantage of a low share price, greatly undervaluing the company
in our opinion, is that shareholders have an opportunity to take up cheap shares with additional free
options, so that the opportunity is there for when the company’s projects begin to show real profits,
and the share price reaches where it deserves to be, shareholders will hopefully make the money they
deserve, and our staff will feel the satisfaction of the countless long hours they have put in to take this
company along the road to the pinnacle of success. Please G-d that should be in the very near future.
Any one of our existing projects has the potential to bring in the big cash rewards. Whether that be
our ever expanding food division, or nutraceuticals, or the Pharmocann joint venture or the Canntab
joint venture or the various other products the Company is working on, our rapid Asian expansion, or
with the further development of our seed bank and the many opportunities that presents us with,
particularly with the Medcan partnership. I am especially anticipating the results of our clinical human
trials for our medicinal cannabis research projects, which at the moment stand at the cutting edge of
global medical cannabis research and if they prove successful the anticipated revenues could more
than justify the hard work and good luck associated with these projects to date.
Our company needs money to make money. Your support of the rights issue enables the Company to
deal with its projects adequately as they expand, whilst at the same time giving all shareholders a
unique opportunity to participate in the upside. The Board recognises that the share price has fallen
considerably since our recompliance raising last year, and therefore will be giving priority to place any
shortfall in this rights issue with those shareholders who invested in the raising last year.
With hopefully lots of good news in the works, our aim is to ensure that all our shareholders will be
rewarded for their loyalty to date and their belief in the success of the company’s goals.
Recent market research undertaken by BDSA and Arcview Market Research has anticipated that by
2025 the world medicinal cannabis market in itself, aside from the hemp products market, will be in
the vicinity of $66.5 billion dollars. We truly believe that with the success of our research to date, being
“first in and best dressed”, we will reap our fair share of that market. Our aim as a company is that you
as shareholders, should be really proud to be a part of Cann Global, as it pioneers it’s way to success
in medicinal cannabis and hemp food and other hemp products, whilst an ancient biblical plant of
nature proves itself to have untold benefits for the modern world.
Wishing you all good health, wealth and stay safe.

Yours sincerely

Pnina Feldman
Executive Chairperson

v

CORPORATE DIRECTORY

For personal use only

DIRECTORS

SECRETARY

REGISTERED OFFICE

Ms Pnina Feldman (Executive Chairperson)
Mr Sholom Feldman (Managing Director)
Mr David Austin (Non-Executive Director)
Mr John Easterling (Non-Executive Director)
Mr Jonathan Cohen (Non-Executive Director)
Mr Alexander Neuling (Company Secretary)

Level 21
133 Castlereagh Street
SYDNEY NSW 2000
Tel: +61 2 8379 1832
Fax: +61 2 9291 9099
Email:
Website:

info@canngloballimited.com
https://www.canngloballimited.com/

AUDITORS*

Nexia Sydney Partnership
Level 16, 1 Market Street
Sydney NSW 2000

SOLICITORS TO THE RIGHTS ISSUE

Murcia Pestell Hillard
Suite 183
Level 6, 580 Hay Street
Perth WA 6000
Australia
Tel:
+61 8 9221 0033
Fax:
+61 8 9221 0133

SHARE REGISTRAR*

Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd
Level 11, 172 St Georges Terrace
PERTH WA 6000
Tel: 1300 850 505 or +61 3 9415 4000 (from outside
Australia)

ASX Code

CGB

*For information purposes only. This party has not been involved in the preparation of this Prospectus
and has not consented to being named in this Prospectus.

vi

Section 1

For personal use only

1.1

DETAILS OF THE RIGHTS ISSUE

Rights Issue
This Prospectus invites Eligible Shareholders to participate in a pro-rata non-renounceable issue
of 1 New Share for every 4 Shares held by those Shareholders registered at the Record Date at
an issue price of $0.005 per New Share together with 1 free attaching New Option for each 2
New Shares subscribed for, exercisable at $0.012 on or before 31 January 2022, to raise up to
approximately $4,237,486 (less expenses of the Rights Issue).
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Company has 3,389,989,043 Ordinary Shares, 50,000,000
unvested performance shares, 3,726,556 convertible notes and 56,140,000 vested unlisted
Options on issue. The Company has no listed Options on issue.
Holders of Options will not be entitled to participate in the Rights Issue. However, holders of
vested unlisted Options may exercise their Options prior to the Record Date if they are an Eligible
Shareholder and wish to participate in the Rights Issue.
If all of the vested unlisted Options are exercised prior to the Record Date the Company’s cash
funds will increase by an additional amount of approximately $2,182,000 from the exercise of
these Options and this Prospectus will (subject to eligibility) also offer to those Shareholders a
further maximum of 14,035,000 New Shares and 7,017,500 New Options to raise an additional
amount of $91,228 from the issue of those New Shares.
The vested unlisted Options have exercise prices of between $0.025 and $0.05 and expiry dates
between 19 July 2022 and 23 March 2023. Further information on the Options is set out in
Section 2.2 below.
There are currently 50,000,000 performance shares on issue subject to vesting conditions, none
of which have been satisfied as at the date of this Prospectus.
Holders of convertible securities will not be entitled to participate in the Rights Issue. However,
holders of convertible securities may exercise their conversion rights prior to the Record Date if
they are an Eligible Shareholder and wish to participate in the Rights Issue.
If all of the convertible securities are converted prior to the Record Date this Prospectus will
(subject to eligibility) also offer to those Shareholders further New Shares and New Options and
raise additional amounts from the issue of the New Shares.
Further information on the convertible securities is set out in Section 2.2 below.

1.2

Purpose of the Rights Issue and Use of Funds
The funds raised from the Rights Issue will be applied towards the following:
Use of Funds

Full Subscription ($)

Cost of Rights Issue

$85,893

MS and other medical cannabis
research and associated clinical trials

$1,700,000

Inventory purchases and marketing
food division

$750,000

1

For personal use only

Use of Funds

Full Subscription ($)

Inventory purchase and marketing
relating to the Pharmocann JV

$500,000

Inventory purchase and marketing
relating to the Canntab JV

$500,000

Other project development

$251,593

Bauxite project development

$200,000

General
working
administrative costs

capital

and

$250,000

Total

$4,237,486

The above-proposed use of funds is a statement of present intention as at the date of this
Prospectus and is subject to ongoing review and evaluation by the Company.
If the Company raises less than the Full Subscription, then the funds raised will be applied
proportionately to the activities of the Company set out under the Full Subscription column of
the use of funds table above.
Any additional funds raised from the participation of Shareholders in the Rights Issue as a result
of the exercise of any of the 56,140,000 vested unlisted Options, which may be up to $91,228
(assuming all exercisable unlisted Options are exercised, and Shares are issued, prior to the
Record Date), will be applied proportionately to the activities of the Company set out under the
Full Subscription column of the Use of Funds table above. As at the date of this Prospectus, the
applicable exercise prices for all of the vested unlisted Options are higher than the price at which
the Shares are currently trading on ASX and, accordingly, the Directors consider that it is unlikely
any of those relevant Options will be exercised by their holders prior to the Record Date.
Any additional funds raised from the participation of Shareholders in the Rights Issue as a result
of the conversion of any of the 3,726,556 convertible securities will be applied proportionately
to the activities of the Company set out under the Full Subscription column of the Use of Funds
table above.
1.3

Opening and Closing Dates
The Rights Issue will open on 13 July 2020 and close at 5 pm (EST) on the Closing Date (except
where payment is via BPAY® in which case payment must be made by such earlier cut off time
as your own financial institution may implement with regard to electronic payments) or such
later date as the Directors, in their absolute discretion and subject to compliance with the Listing
Rules, may determine.

1.4

Entitlement to Rights Issue
Eligible Shareholders who are recorded on the Company’s Share register at 5 pm (EST) on the
Record Date are eligible to participate in the Rights Issue. Fractional entitlements will be
rounded up to the nearest whole number of New Shares and New Options. An Entitlement and
Acceptance Form setting out your entitlement to New Shares and New Options accompanies
this Prospectus.

2

1.5

Actions required

For personal use only

As an Eligible Shareholder you may:
(a)

subscribe for all of your Entitlement (refer to Section 1.6);

(b)

subscribe for part of your Entitlement and allow the balance to lapse (refer to Sections
1.6 and 1.7); or

(c)

subscribe for all of your Entitlement (refer to Section 1.6) and apply for additional New
Shares and New Options (refer to Section 1.10).

You may also choose not to take up any of your Entitlement, in which case no action is required
(refer to Section 1.7).
1.6

To subscribe for all of your Entitlement
If you wish to subscribe for all of your Entitlement, complete the accompanying Entitlement and
Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions set out in that form. That form sets out
the number of New Shares you are entitled to subscribe for.
The completed Entitlement and Acceptance Form must be accompanied by a cheque or bank
draft made payable to “Cann Global Limited” and crossed “Not Negotiable” for the appropriate
Application Money in Australian dollars calculated at $0.005 per New Share and received by the
Company’s Share Registrar at either of the below addresses by no later than 5 pm (EST) on the
Closing Date. The Company will present the cheque or bank draft on or around the day of receipt
of the Entitlement and Acceptance Form. If a cheque is not honoured upon its first presentation,
the Directors reserve the right to reject the relevant Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
If the amount of your cheque(s) or bank draft(s) for Application Money (or the amount for which
those cheque(s) or bank draft(s) clear in time for allocation) is insufficient to pay for the number
of New Shares you have applied for in your Entitlement and Acceptance Form, you may be taken
to have applied for such lower number of New Shares as your cleared Application Money will
pay for (and to have specified that number of New Shares in your Entitlement and Acceptance
Form) or your Application may be rejected.
By post:
GPO Box 505
Melbourne, Victoria 3001
Alternatively, if you are paying by BPAY®, you do not need to mail the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form. Please refer to your personalised instructions on your Entitlement and
Acceptance Form. It is your responsibility to ensure your BPAY® payment is received by the
Company by no later than 5 pm (EST) on the Closing Date. You should be aware your financial
institution may implement earlier cut-off times with regard to electronic payment, and you
should therefore take this into consideration. You will be sent a separate Entitlement and
Acceptance form for each holding on the register you hold under a different holder number and
your BPay reference number will be unique for each form, so you should only use the reference
number for each form received.

1.7

If you do not wish to take up any part of your Entitlement
If you do not wish to take up your Entitlement under the Rights Issue, you are not required to
3

take any action. You will receive no benefit or New Shares and your Entitlement will become
available as Additional New Shares and New Options.

For personal use only

If you want to take up part of your Entitlement and wish to receive a benefit, you must take
action to accept part of your Entitlement in accordance with the instructions above and on the
back of the accompanying Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
The number of securities you hold as at the Record Date and the rights attached to those
securities will not be affected if you choose not to accept any of your Entitlement.
1.8

Entitlement and Acceptance Form binding
A completed and lodged Entitlement and Acceptance Form or making a BPAY® payment
constitutes a binding application to acquire New Shares and New Options on the terms and
conditions set out in this Prospectus and, once lodged, cannot be withdrawn. If the Entitlement
and Acceptance Form is not completed correctly, it may still be treated as a valid application for
New Shares and New Options. The Directors’ decision whether to treat an Application as valid
and how to construe, amend or complete the Entitlement and Acceptance Form is final.

1.9

Eligible Shareholder representations and warranties
By completing and returning your Entitlement and Acceptance Form with the requisite
Application Monies or making a BPAY® payment, you will be deemed to have represented that
you are an Eligible Shareholder. In addition, you will also be deemed to have represented and
warranted on behalf of yourself or each person on whose account you are acting that the law in
your place of residence and/or where you have been given this Prospectus does not prohibit
you from being given this Prospectus and you:
(a)

agree to be bound by the terms of the Rights Issue;

(b)

declare all details and statements in the Entitlement and Acceptance Form are complete
and accurate;

(c)

declare you are over 18 years of age and have full legal capacity and power to perform all
your rights and obligations under the Entitlement and Acceptance Form;

(d)

authorise the Company and its respective officers or agents to do anything on your behalf
necessary for the New Shares and New Options to be issued to you, including to act on
instructions of the Share Registrar using the contact details set out in the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form;

(e)

declare you are the current registered holder of Shares;

(f)

represent and warrant the law of your place of residence does not prohibit you from being
given this Prospectus and the Entitlement and Acceptance Form, nor does it prohibit you
from making an application for New Shares and New Options and you are otherwise
eligible to subscribe for part or all of your Entitlement and to participate in the Rights
Issue;

(g)

acknowledge the information contained in or accompanying this Prospectus is not
investment or financial product advice or a recommendation that New Shares and New
Options are suitable for you given your investment objectives, financial situation or
particular needs; and

(h)

acknowledge the New Shares and New Options may not be offered, sold or otherwise

4

transferred except in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction
not subject to the registration requirements of applicable overseas securities laws, in
particular the US Securities Act.

For personal use only

1.10 Applying for Additional New Shares & New Options
Eligible Shareholders may, in addition to their Entitlement, apply for Additional New Shares and
New Options regardless of the size of their present holding.
An Eligible Shareholder that wishes to take up Additional New Shares and New Options must do
so in accordance with the instructions on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
Any Entitlements not taken up may become available as Additional New Shares and New
Options, which may be allocated from the Shortfall by the Company in its discretion. It is possible
that there will be few or no Additional New Shares and New Options available for issue,
depending on the level of take up of Entitlements by Eligible Shareholders and allocation from
the Shortfall by the Company. There is also no guarantee that if Additional New Shares and New
Options are available for issue, they will be allocated to all, or any, of the Eligible Shareholders
who have applied for them.
It is an express term of the Rights Issue that Applicants for Additional New Shares and New
Options will be bound to accept a lesser number of Additional New Shares and New Options
allocated to them than applied for if so allocated. If a lesser number of Additional New Shares
and New Options is allocated to an Applicant than applied for, excess Application Money will be
refunded without interest.
A single cheque should be used for the Application Money for your Entitlement and any
Additional New Shares and New Options as stated on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
Alternatively, if you are paying by BPAY®, refer to your personalised instructions on your
Entitlement and Acceptance Form. Shareholders who wish to pay by BPAY® must ensure
payment is received by no later than 5 pm (EST) on the Closing Date.
1.11 Issue Process
Upon the close of acceptances on the Closing Date, the Company will have received Applications
for Entitlements and applications for Additional New Shares and New Options from all
participating Eligible Shareholders.
Additional New Shares and New Options will be allotted and issued from the Shortfall in
accordance with Section 1.10.
On the Issue Date, the Company will allot and issue to Eligible Shareholders:
•

New Shares and New Options pursuant to valid Applications; and

•

Additional New Shares pursuant to valid applications for Additional New Shares, and New
Options allocated from the Shortfall.

1.12 Shortfall
The Company reserves the right to allocate and issue any Shortfall at its discretion. The Company
intends to give priority to those Applicants who participated in the Company’s most recent
placement conducted in conjunction with the Company’s ASX recompliance process which was
concluded in August 2019.
5

For personal use only

1.13 Allotment and Application Money
New Shares and New Options will be issued only after all Application Money has been received
and ASX has granted permission for the New Shares (and, if applicable, the New Options) to be
quoted. It is expected the New Shares and New Options will be issued on 30 July 2020 and
normal trading of the New Shares (and, if applicable, the New Options) on ASX is expected to
commence on 31 July 2020.
All Application Money received before New Shares and New Options are issued will be held in a
special purpose account.
1.14 Market prices of the Shares on ASX
A summary of the sale prices of the Shares on ASX during the last 3 months until the last trading
day on ASX immediately prior to lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC is set out below:
High ($)

Low ($)

Volume weighted average price ($)

$0.013

$0.005

0.007574

The last market sale price of Shares on 2 July 2020 (which was the last day of trading before
lodgement of the Prospectus with ASIC) was $0.006.
1.15 Minimum subscription
There is no minimum subscription amount for the Rights Issue.
1.16 No brokerage and stamp duty payable on subscription under Entitlement
No brokerage or stamp duty will be payable by Eligible Shareholders for a subscription for New
Shares and New Options pursuant to their Entitlement.
1.17 Tax implications
The Directors do not consider it appropriate to give Shareholders advice regarding the taxation
consequences of the Company conducting the Rights Issue or Shareholders applying for New
Shares and New Options under this Prospectus, as it is not possible to provide a comprehensive
summary of the possible taxation positions of Shareholders.
The Company makes no representation and provides no advice in relation to the tax
consequences for any Shareholder taking up their Entitlement under the Rights Issue. Therefore
the Company, its advisers and officers do not accept any responsibility or liability for any taxation
consequences to Shareholders in relation to the Rights Issue. Shareholders and Option holders
(if applicable) should seek professional taxation advice about the tax consequences of taking up
their Entitlement.
1.18 ASX quotation
The Company has applied to ASX for official quotation of the New Shares offered under the
Rights Issue pursuant to this Prospectus. The Company reserves the right to apply to ASX for
official quotation of the New Options (but is under no commitment to do so). If official quotation
of the New Shares is not granted by ASX within 3 months of the date of this Prospectus, then
the Company will not allot or issue any New Shares or New Options and all Application Money
received pursuant to this Prospectus will be repaid as soon as practicable, without interest.

6

For personal use only

Where ASX grants official quotation for New Shares but does not grant official quotation for
New Options (should the Company make such an application for their official quotation), then
the New Options will be issued on an unlisted basis.
A decision by ASX to grant official quotation of the New Shares (and, if applicable, the New
Options) is not to be taken in any way as an indication of ASX’s view as to the merits of the
Company or the New Shares and New Options offered under this Prospectus.
1.19 Notice to custodians and nominees
Custodians and nominees that currently hold Shares should note the Rights Issue is available
only to Eligible Shareholders. The Company is not required to determine whether or not any
registered holder is acting as a nominee or the identity or residence of any beneficial owners of
Shares. If any nominee or custodian is acting on behalf of a foreign person, that holder, in dealing
with its beneficiary, will need to assess whether indirect participation by the beneficiary in the
Rights Issue is compatible with applicable foreign laws.
1.20 No issue of New Shares and New Options after 13 months
No New Shares and New Options will be allotted or issued on the basis of this Prospectus later
than 13 months after the date of this Prospectus.
1.21 Withdrawal of Rights Issue
The Company reserves the right not to proceed with the Rights Issue at any time before the issue
of the New Shares and New Options to Eligible Shareholders. If the Rights Issue does not
proceed, the Company will return all Application Money as soon as practicable after giving notice
of its withdrawal, without interest.
1.22 Issue and allotment of New Shares and New Options
The New Shares will be issued fully paid. From the date of issue, the New Shares will rank equally
in all respects with the Shares currently on issue. Details of the terms of the New Shares are set
out in Section 4.4 and details of the terms of the New Options are set out in Section 4.5. By
returning your Entitlement and Acceptance Form, you agree to comply with the Constitution for
the New Shares and New Options issued to you.
The New Shares and New Options issued pursuant to Eligible Shareholders’ Entitlements as well
as the Additional New Shares and associated New Options, are expected to be issued and
allotted by no later than 30 July 2020. Any other Shortfall will be issued on a progressive basis.
Until issue and allotment of the New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus, the
Application Money will be held in trust in a separate bank account opened and maintained for
that purpose only. Any interest earned on the Application Money will be for the benefit of the
Company and will be retained by it irrespective of whether allotment of the New Shares and
New Options takes place.
1.23 Ineligible Shareholders
The Company is of the view it is unreasonable to make the offer under this Prospectus to
Ineligible Shareholders having regard to:
(a)

the small number of Ineligible Shareholders;

(b)

the small number and value of New Shares and New Options to be offered to Ineligible

7

Shareholders; and

For personal use only

(c)

the cost of complying with the legal requirements and requirements of regulatory
authorities in the various overseas jurisdictions in which Ineligible Shareholders are
located.

Accordingly, the Rights Issue is not being extended to, and does not qualify for distribution or
sale by, and no New Shares or New Options will be issued to, Shareholders having registered
addresses outside Australia and New Zealand.
The New Shares (and associated New Options) being offered under this Prospectus are being
offered to Eligible Shareholders only.
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer or invitation in any place outside Australia and New
Zealand, in which, or to any person to whom, it would not be lawful to make such an offer or
invitation. The Company has not made investigations as to the regulatory requirements that may
prevail in countries outside Australia and New Zealand in which the Company’s Shareholders
reside.
Each Shareholder taking up its Entitlement represents and warrants the law of any place does
not prohibit that Shareholder from being given this Prospectus and the Entitlement and
Acceptance Form, nor does it prohibit that Shareholder from making an application for New
Shares and New Options and that Shareholder is otherwise eligible to participate in the Rights
Issue. It is the responsibility of an Eligible Shareholder to ensure compliance with any laws of a
country relevant to their Application.
The distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions outside Australia and New Zealand may be
restricted by law and persons who come into possession of this Prospectus should seek advice
on and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with those restrictions may
constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.
The offer contained in this Prospectus to Eligible Shareholders with registered addresses in New
Zealand is made in reliance on the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the Financial Markets
Conduct (Incidental Offers) Exemption Notice 2016. Members of the public in New Zealand who
are not existing Shareholders on the Record Date are not entitled to apply for any New Shares
and associated New Options.
1.24 CHESS
The Company participates in the Clearing House Electronic Sub-register System (CHESS). ASX
Settlement, a wholly owned subsidiary of ASX, operates CHESS in accordance with the Listing
Rules and the ASX Settlement Operating Rules. Under CHESS, Applicants will not receive a
certificate but will receive a statement of their holding of New Shares and New Options.
If you are broker sponsored, ASX Settlement will send you a CHESS statement. The CHESS
statement will set out the number of New Shares and New Options issued under this Prospectus,
provide details of your holder identification number and give the participation identification
number of the sponsor.
If you are registered on the issuer sponsored sub register, your statement will be dispatched by
the Share Registrar and will contain the number of New Shares and New Options issued to you
under this Prospectus and your security holder reference number.
A CHESS statement or issuer sponsored statement will routinely be sent to Shareholders at the
end of any calendar month during which the balance of their Shareholding changes.
8

Shareholders may request a statement at any other time; however a charge may be made for
additional statements.

For personal use only

1.25 Privacy
The Company collects the information about each Shareholder provided on an Entitlement and
Acceptance Form for the purposes of processing the Application and, if the Application is
successful, to administer that Shareholder’s security holding in the Company.
By submitting an Entitlement and Acceptance Form, each Shareholder agrees the Company may
use the information provided by a Shareholder on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form for the
purposes set out in this privacy disclosure statement and may disclose it for those purposes to
the Share Registrar, the Company’s related bodies corporate, agents, contractors and third party
service providers, including mailing houses and professional advisers, and to ASX and regulatory
authorities.
If you do not provide the information required on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form, the
Company may not be able to accept or process your Application.
An Applicant has an entitlement to gain access to the information the Company holds about that
person subject to certain exemptions under law. A fee may be charged for access. Access
requests must be made in writing to the Company’s registered office.
1.26 Enquiries regarding this Prospectus
Enquiries regarding this Prospectus should be directed to the Company Secretary by telephone
on +61 2 8379 1832.

9

Section 2
2.1

Principal effects
(a)

For personal use only

CAPITAL STRUCTURE & EFFECT OF THE RIGHTS ISSUE ON THE COMPANY

(b)

(c)

The principal effects of the Rights Issue (assuming full subscription) are:
(i)

Subject to paragraphs 2.1(b) and (c), the Company’s cash funds will increase by
approximately $4,237,486, less expenses of the Rights Issue, which are estimated
to be approximately $85,893; and

(ii)

Subject to paragraphs 2.1(b) and (c), the total number of Shares on issue will
increase by 847,497,261 to 4,237,486,304.

If 100% of the vested unlisted Options currently on issue are exercised prior to the Record
Date and all Entitlements are taken up, then:
(i)

the Company’s cash funds will increase by an additional amount of $2,182,000 from
the exercise of the vested unlisted Options and a further $91,278 from the take up
of the Entitlements; and

(ii)

the total number of Shares on issue will increase by an additional 56,140,000 from
the exercise of the vested unlisted Options and 14,035,000 from the Entitlements,
to 4,307,661,304 Shares on issue.

If any of the convertible securities currently on issue are exercised prior to the Record
Date and some or all of the corresponding Entitlements are taken up, then:
(i)

the Company’s cash funds will increase from the take up of the Entitlements; and

(ii)

the total number of Shares on issue will increase from the conversion of the
convertible securities and from the Entitlements.

* The Company presently has two classes of convertible securities on issue which are capable of
being converted prior to the Record Date.
2,975,556 convertible securities held by Obsidian Global GP, LLC
Set out below is a worked example of the number of Shares that may be issued based on an
assumed market price of $0.004, $0.008 and $0.016 and assuming that the holder redeems all
of the convertible securities.
Assumed market
price

Assumed
redemption price

Number of Shares
issued

Dilution effect on
existing Shareholders

$0.0040

$0.0034

200,000,000 (Maximum
triggered – see below)

6.0%

$0.0080

$0.0068

200,000,000 (Maximum
triggered – see below)

6.0%

$0.0160

$0.0136

191,176,471

5.7%

The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon conversion of the convertible
securities is presently subject to a maximum of 200,000,000.

10

71,000 convertible securities held by L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund

For personal use only

Set out below is a worked example of the number of Shares that may be issued based on an
assumed market price of $0.004, $0.008 and $0.016 and assuming that the holder redeems all
of the convertible securities.

2.2

Assumed market
price

Assumed
redemption price
(rounded down)

$0.0040

$0.0030

28,400,000

0.8%

$0.0080

$0.0060

14,200,000

0.4%

$0.0160

$0.0130

6,553,846

0.2%

Number of Shares
issued

Dilution effect on
existing Shareholders

Capital structure
As at the date of this Prospectus 3,389,989,043 Shares are on issue. The pro-forma capital
structure of the Company following the Rights Issue pursuant to this Prospectus is set out below
(if 100% of the New Shares offered pursuant to this Prospectus are subscribed for and issued,
assuming no vested unlisted Options are exercised prior to the Record Date and no convertible
securities are converted prior to the Record Date):
Number
Existing Shares

3,389,989,043

New Shares to be issued under this Prospectus

847,497,261

Shares on issue after this Rights Issue

4,237,486,304

If 100% of the New Shares offered pursuant to this Prospectus are subscribed for and issued,
then 423,748,631 New Options would be issued (subject to rounding of entitlements).
The Company currently has the following unlisted Options on issue:
Exercise
price

Expiry date

Vested

Unvested

No. of Options

$0.05

19 July 2022

31,140,000

Nil

31,140,000

$0.025

23 March 2023

25,000,000

Nil

25,000,000

Total

56,140,000

The Company currently has the following outstanding convertible securities:

11

Conversion/Redemption Price

Repayment
Date

For personal use only

Variable conversion price equal to 85%
of the average of the daily VWAPs during
the 5 actual trading days prior to the
conversion notice date, rounded down
to the nearest $0.0001.

27 February
2022

• $0.04 (or, if the Company makes a 21 July 2020 –
Note: If
placement at a lower price, the holder
replacement
may at its election convert at the
convertible
lower price for up to the amount of
securities are
the placement)
approved and
• if the holder requests redemption of
issued, the
any convertible securities, the
Repayment
Company may elect to satisfy the
Date of the
redemption by paying the holder
replacement
105% of the aggregate face value of
convertible
the convertible securities to be
securities
will be
redeemed, or issuing Shares to the
holder to the same value, on the basis 31 March 2021
that the issue price per Share upon
the redemption of a convertible
security will be 90% of the 5-day
VWAP of the Shares for the 5 trading
days prior to the holder giving a
redemption notice
• If converted into Shares, the
conversion will be at 85% of the 5-day
VWAP of Shares for the 5 Trading Days
prior to the date of the conversion
notice

20 November
2020

Face value of No.
of
convertible
convertible
securities
securities
$1.20 each

71,000

US$0.612 each

2,975,556*

$1.00 each

680,000*

Total

3,655,556

• If converted into MCRG Shares, the
conversion will be at 80% of the initial
public offering price for MCRG Shares.
Note: These convertible securities are
not presently convertible into Shares in
the Company

* Please see the Company’s announcements of 5 November 2019 and 19 March 2020 for further
details of the terms of the convertible securities.
2.3

Effect on control
There will be no effect on control of the Company if all Shareholders take up their Entitlements.

12

(a)

Voting Power
No Shareholder will increase their voting power in the Company to 20% or more under
the Rights Issue.

For personal use only

(b)

Dilution
Shareholders who do not participate in the Rights Issue will have their holdings diluted.
The following is a table which sets out the dilutionary effect at various example
Shareholding levels, assuming that the Rights Issue is fully subscribed and no further
Shares are issued or Options exercised:
Holding at Record
Date

Number
1
338,998,904
2
169,499,452
3
67,799,781
4
33,899,890

2.4

Entitlement

%
10%

84,749,727

5%

42,374,864

2%

16,949,946

1%

8,474,973

Holding following the Rights
Issue if no Entitlement is taken
up
Number

%

338,998,904

8%

169,499,452

4%

67,799,781

2%

33,899,890

1%

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Set out below is the unaudited statement of financial position of the Company from the 31
December 2019 management accounts, including the effect of the Rights Issue but excluding the
exercise of any Options or conversion of any convertible securities. Note as the proforma has
been based on the 31 December 2019 management accounts, it does not take into account any
events after that date.
Audit Reviewed
31-Dec-19

Proforma
31-Dec-19

ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents

6,573,921

10,725,514

Trade and other receivables

1,248,254

1,248,254

Prepayments

18,760

Inventory

704,877

Total Current Assets

8,545,812
13

18,760
704,877
12,697,405

For personal use only

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Exploration and evaluation
Property, plant and equipment

2,243,102

Intangible asset
Equity accounted investee

4,503,456

Investment in Cann Global South Africa

200,000

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS

7,446,450

7,446,450

TOTAL ASSETS
LIABILITIES
CURRENT LIABILITIES

15,992,262

20,143,855

Trade and other payables

872,583

Other financial liabilities
Current tax liability

3,815,995

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES

4,981,244

4,981,244

TOTAL LIABILITIES

4,981,244

4,981,244

NET ASSETS

11,011,018

15,162,611

499,892

-

2,243,102
499,892
4,503,456
200,000

872,583

292,666

3,815,995
292,666

EQUITY
Issued capital

82,909,026

Share based payment reserve

5,965,277

Accumulated losses
Acquisition of non-controlling interests
reserve

(35,295,213)

TOTAL

11,080,831

Non-controlling interest

(69,813)

TOTAL EQUITY

11,011,018

(42,498,259)

87,060,619
5,965,277
(35,295,213)
(42,498,259)
15,232,424
(69,813)
15,162,611

*These figures assume the Rights Issue will be fully subscribed and do not take into account
Options that may be exercised prior to the Record Date.

14

Section 3

For personal use only

3.1

RISK FACTORS

Introduction
This Section 3 identifies the areas the Directors regard as the main risks associated with an
investment in the Company. There are numerous widespread risks associated with investing in
any form of business and with investing in the share market generally. There is also a range of
specific risks associated with the Company's business. These risk factors are largely beyond the
control of the Company and its Directors because of the nature of the business of the Company.
The following summary, which is not exhaustive, represents some of the main risk factors which
the Directors consider potential investors need to be aware of.

3.2

Risks relating to the Change in Nature and Scale of Activities
(a)

Future Capital Requirements
The Company is likely to require additional funding in the future (whether by way of debt
or equity or a combination of both). The ability of the Company to meet this future
requirement will be dependent on the Company’s continued access to credit markets,
funding sources and financing facilities. Access to credit markets on less than favourable
terms may impact the Company’s access to financing facilities should the need arise and
may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s future financial performance and
position.
Furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to the Company’s existing
Shareholders and any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, which
limit the Company’s operations and business strategy. The Company’s failure to raise
capital if, and when, needed could delay or suspend the Company’s business strategy and
could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s activities and its solvency.

(b)

Uncertainty of Future Profitability
The Company has incurred losses in the past and it is therefore not possible to evaluate
the Company’s future prospects based on past performance. The Company expects that
it may continue to make losses in the immediate future. Factors that will determine the
Company’s future profitability are its ability to manage its costs and its development and
growth strategies, the success of its activities in a competitive market, the actions of
competitors and regulatory developments. As a result, the extent of future profits, if any,
and the time required to achieve sustainable profitability, is uncertain. In addition, the
level of any such future profitability (or loss) cannot be predicted and may vary
significantly from period to period.

(c)

Integration Risk
The Company has recently begun to integrate two independent businesses together to be
members of the Company Group as well as the strategic alliances, a process will be
implemented to align, expand and improve the financial reporting system for the
Company Group. While this process takes place, historical deficiencies may be discovered
which may have a material impact on the financial position of the Company.

3.3

Specific Risks to Medcan and MCL businesses
(a)

Obtaining and retaining licences, permits and approvals
The Company’s business model is reliant on obtaining any necessary additional licences,
15

For personal use only

permits and approvals as outlined in the legal opinion on MCL’s business operations as
set out in the Replacement Prospectus and retaining (and in the future applying for
renewal of) the necessary licences, permits and approvals issued by the ODC and other
regulatory bodies to conduct its cannabis business operations (see the Replacement
Prospectus).
The Company Group may apply for any additional licences, permits and approvals as may
be required, and undertake the necessary requirements for approval, however, there is
no assurance that any such licences, permits or approvals will be granted to the Company
Group, or on terms anticipated by the Company Group. A failure to obtain any such
licences, permits or approvals may result in the Company Group being unable to continue
to establish and/or further its cannabis related business operations.
The Company Group will also endeavour to comply with any approvals or conditions
attaching to the relevant licences, permits and approvals, and undertake continued
maintenance of such licences and permits. However, there is no guarantee that any
licences, permits or approvals granted by the ODC or other regulatory bodies will not be
revoked during their term, or that they will be renewed for a further period of time or
renewed on terms anticipated by the Company Group.
Should any of these
circumstances eventuate, it is likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
proposed activities and operations, as well as its financial performance and prospects.
(b)

Reliance on Medcan Licence
The Company relies on Medcan to comply with the relevant law and regulations to
maintain their licences to manage the implementation of the CGB business plan. Failure
of Medcan to maintain these licences will mean that the Company will need to seek
alternate arrangements to be able to import, export and manufacture the intended
cannabis products. For further information please see the Legal Opinion as set out in the
Replacement Prospectus.

(c)

Competition
The pharmaceutical and nutraceutical industries are highly competitive and subject to
rapid change. The industries continue to expand and evolve as an increasing number of
competitors and potential competitors enter the market. Many of these competitors and
potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, managerial and
research and development resources and experience than the Company. Some of these
competitors and potential competitors have similar or more experience than the
Company in the development of pharmaceutical products, including validation
procedures and regulatory matters. In addition, the Company’s products may compete
with product offerings from large and well-established companies that have greater
marketing and sales experience and capabilities than the Company or its future
collaboration partners may have. If the Company is unable to compete successfully with
these competitors, it risks being unable to generate, grow and sustain its revenue.

(d)

Risk of generating public controversy
Some of the Company’s products contain controlled substances and their regulatory
approval may generate public controversy. Political and social pressures and adverse
publicity could lead to delays in approval of, and increased expenses for the Company’s
products. These pressures could also limit or restrict the introduction and marketing of
the Company’s products. Adverse publicity from cannabis misuse or adverse side effects
from cannabis or other cannabinoid products may adversely affect the commercial
success or market penetration achievable by the Company’s products and the operations
16

of the Company. The nature of the Company’s business attracts a high level of public and
media interest, and in the event of any resultant adverse publicity, our reputation may be
harmed.

For personal use only

(e)

Legal and regulatory changes
Achievement of the Company’s business objectives is also contingent, in part, upon
compliance with other regulatory requirements enacted by governmental authorities and
obtaining required regulatory approvals all over the world. The regulatory regimes
applicable to the cannabis business in Canada, Australia, Colombia, Brazil, and the
European Union are currently undergoing significant changes and the Company cannot
predict the impact of the changes on its operations once the regulatory regimes are
finalized.
Any delays in obtaining, or failing to obtain, required regulatory approvals may
significantly delay or impact the development of markets, products and sales initiatives
and could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and
financial condition of the Company. The Company will incur ongoing costs and obligations
related to regulatory compliance. Failure to comply with regulations may result in
additional costs for corrective measures, penalties or in restrictions on the Company’s
operations.
In addition, changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof or other
unanticipated events could require extensive changes to the Company’s operations,
increased compliance costs or give rise to material liabilities, which could have a material
adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the
Company.

(f)

Controlled substance legislation may restrict or limit ability to develop and
commercialise the Products
Most countries are parties to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961, which
governs international trade and domestic control of narcotic substances, including
cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations in a
way that creates a legal obstacle to our obtaining marketing approval for the Products in
those countries. These countries may not be willing or able to amend or otherwise modify
their laws and regulations to permit part or all of the Company’s products to be marketed.
Alternatively, achieving such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a
prolonged period of time.

(g)

Agricultural Factors
The business of MCL and Medcan are reliant on agricultural products. As such, the
business of MCL is subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural industry. These risks
include insects, plant diseases, storm, fire, frost, flood, water availability, water salinity,
pests, bird damage and force majeure events.
While the indoor production facility proposed by Medcan will seek to limit outside
influences, there can be no assurance that natural elements will not have a material
adverse effect on Medcan’s growing operations and, consequently, result in delays to or
adversely effect production. There are a number of risks which may still be associated
with the construction and use of indoor areas to grow and cultivate cannabis, including
the sourcing of suitable cannabis varieties either domestically or overseas, plant diseases,
underestimating the costs and time for cultivation, underestimating the lighting and
heating requirements and cost of installation, human error in the execution of
17

For personal use only

engineering and construction, equipment failure, supplier delays and underestimating
breakages and consumables. Each of these risks may be mitigated to some degree by
proper management and external professional advice, however they may still impact
grow time, the number of harvests or the oil yield generated from each harvest.
Any adverse outcomes in respect of these matters will or may adversely affect the
Company’s activities and operations, financial performance and prospects.
(h)

Production risk
The ability of the Company to cultivate and produce products is dependent on a number
of key inputs and their related costs. These key inputs include raw materials, electricity,
water, other utilities and skilled labour. Any significant interruption or negative change
in the availability or cost of these inputs could materially impact the production of the
business and subsequently, the operating results of the Company Group.
In particular, given the nature of the raw materials used by MCL and Medcan, supply may
be limited to a single or limited number of suppliers, with access to these raw materials
more competitive that conventional ingredients. As a result, there is an enhanced risk of
difficulties in securing the required supplies, or to do so on the appropriate terms.

(i)

Product approval risk
There is a risk that the products produced and supplied by the Company Group are not
approved for supply. This risk is particularly relevant for the Company Group and Medcan,
as it intends to operate in the highly regulated medicinal cannabis industry.
Medicinal cannabis products are regulated as medicines in Australia. Generally, medicines
imported, supplied in, and exported from Australia must be entered in the Australian
Register of Therapeutic Goods. However, there are mechanisms such as the Special Access
Scheme and Authorised Prescriber Schemes which provide alternative pathways while
evidence to support registration through clinical trials is obtained.
The Company and Medcan intends to provide access to its products under the Authorised
Prescriber Schemes. The Company cannot guarantee that any or all its medicinal cannabis
products will be approved for supply to patients through Authorised Prescriber Schemes
(or an alternative pathway). Additionally, there is no guarantee that medical practitioners
will be authorised under the Authorised Prescriber Scheme, or that they will elect to
prescribe the Company’s products.

(j)

Risk of adverse events, product liability or other safety issues
As with all medical or nutraceutical products, there is a risk that the products sold by the
Company Group cause serious or unexpected side effects, including risk or injury to
consumers. Should any of the Company Group’s products be associated with safety risks
such as misuse or abuse, inadvertent mislabelling, tampering by unauthorised third
parties or product contamination or spoilage, a number of materially adverse outcomes
could occur, including:
(i)

regulatory authorities may revoke any approvals that have been granted, impose
more onerous facility standards or product labelling requirements or force the
Company to conduct a product recall;

(ii)

the Company could be subject to regulatory action or be sued and held liable for
any harm caused to customers; or
18

For personal use only

(iii)

the Company Group’s brand and reputation could be damaged.

Additionally, material risks to the health and safety of customers may force the Company
to voluntarily suspend or terminate sales and/or operations. The Company will endeavour
to secure appropriate insurance coverage to mitigate these risks to the greatest extent
possible. Additionally, the Company Group intends to maintain rigorous standards in
respect of product safety. However, there is still the potential for the products to contain
defects, which may result in systems failures. These defects or problems could result in
the loss or delay in generating revenue, loss of market share, failure to achieve market
acceptance, diversion of development resources, and damage to the Company’s
reputation or increased insurance costs.
The Company cannot guarantee that all such risks will be adequately managed through
imposing standard or its insurance policies and may have an adverse impact on the
Company’s financial performance and prospects.
(k)

Competition Risk
The industry in which the Company Group is involved is subject to domestic and
international competition. While the Company Group will undertake all reasonable due
diligence in its business decisions and operations, it will have no influence or control over
the activities or actions of its competitors, which activities or actions may, positively or
negatively, affect the operating and financial performance of the Company.
There are many new entrants and players in the hemp and medicinal cannabis sector,
including other growers and multi-national pharmaceutical companies. Some of these
parties may have greater financial, technological, managerial and research and
development resources and experience than the Company, which may lead to reduced
margins and loss of revenue or loss of market share. Further, revenues in the future may
be reduced as the industry consolidates and seeks revenue accretion at the expense of
profit margin. If the Company is unable to compete successfully, it may be unable to
generate, grow and sustain its revenues and earnings.

(l)

Strategic Relationship Risk
The medicinal cannabis and hemp food industry are undergoing rapid growth and change,
which has resulted in increasing consolidation and formation of strategic relationships. It
is expected that this consolidation and strategic partnering will continue as the industries
continue to grow. Acquisitions or other consolidating transactions could harm the
Company Group in a number of ways. The Company Group may lose strategic
relationships if third parties with whom the Company Group has arrangements such as
Medcan and Bio Health are acquired by or enter into relationships with a competitor
(which could cause the company to lose access to necessary resources). The Company
Group’s current competitors could become stronger, or new competitors could form from
consolidations. This could cause the Company Group too lose access to markets or expend
greater resources in order to stay competitive.
Separately, the relationship between the Company Group and third parties may
deteriorate organically, which may have an adverse impact on the Company’s business.

(m)

Key Supplier Risk
MCL and Medcan have arrangements with a number of key suppliers. To the extent that
the Company Group cannot secure and retain key suppliers, its respective abilities to
maintain consistent production levels may be compromised, which in turn may have a
19

material adverse impact on the financial performance and position of the Company
Group.

For personal use only

(n)

Reputational Risk
There is a risk that incidents beyond the control of the Company Group could occur which
would have the effect of reducing patient, medical/scientific or regulatory confidence, or
preferences for cannabis or medicinal cannabis products generally. This reputational risk
could result from incidents involving members of the Company Group or other nonrelated industry participants.
This risk is particularly relevant given the Company Group will be operating in the
regulated food industry where incidents could have impact consumer sales, or the
medicinal industry where incidents could impact prescriptions by authorised medical
professionals.

(o)

Key Management Risk
The Company is highly dependent on its management and key personnel, who are
responsible for its day-to-day operations and strategic management. If one or more of
these personnel cease his/her involvement with the Company, it could have a materially
detrimental impact on its future financial performance. The ability to attract and retain
highly qualified staff is crucial to the future success of the Company. There can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to so attract and retain such staff.

(p)

Mainstream Acceptance of Cannabis
The success of the Australian cannabis industry will depend on the extent of political
support for cannabis production as a medical remedy. Support from politicians and the
Australian population has been positive over the last few years and while the company
expects this momentum to continue, should sentiment turn the Company’s operating
environment could be at risk.

(q)

Protection of Intellectual Property
The Company Group’s success will depend on, in part, its ability to protect its intellectual
property, including its trade marks, copyright, trade secrets and know-how. To the extent
the Company fails to protect its intellectual property or infringes a third party’s
intellectual property, the Company may face increased competition from similar
products, have to cease using certain intellectual property or be liable for damages. In the
event that this occurs, there is a risk that it has a materially adverse impact on the
Company Group’s operations, financial performance and future prospects.

(r)

Dispute with SUN
As announced by the Company on 15 June 2020, Sun Agriculture Promotion Industry and
Commercial Co., Ltd (SUN) has filed a claim for USD$6.1 million with the Centre of
Economic Dispute Resolution in Laos against the Company’s 55% owned subsidiary Cann
Global Asia Pty Ltd (CGA). The claim relates to the agreement entered into by CGA with
SUN in October 2019 under which CGA was to have access to SUN’s licenses to cultivate
and process hemp in Laos. The total remaining value owing to SUN from CGA under the
arrangement for its entire term is an amount less than $60,000, of which $30,000 has
been paid as a deposit by CGA. Whilst the Company is confident that the claim will be
assessed as vexatious and baseless, there is a risk that if SUN’s claim is successful it will
cause significant financial and reputational damage to CGA, and therefore possibly affect
20

the Company.
3.4

Specific Risks to Bauxite Projects

For personal use only

(a)

Regulatory Risks
The Company’s exploration and development activities are subject to extensive laws and
regulations relating to numerous matters including resource licence consent, conditions
including environmental compliance and rehabilitation, taxation, employee relations,
health and worker safety, waste disposal, protection of the environment, native title and
heritage matters, protection of endangered and protected species and other matters. The
Company requires permits from regulatory authorities to authorise the Company’s
operations. These permits relate to exploration, development, production and
rehabilitation activities.
Obtaining necessary permits can be a time-consuming process and there is a risk that
Company will not obtain these permits on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all.
The costs and delays associated with obtaining necessary permits and complying with
these permits and applicable laws and regulations could materially delay or restrict the
Company from proceeding with the development of a project or the operation or
development of a mine. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or
permits, even if inadvertent, could result in material fines, penalties or other liabilities. In
extreme cases, failure could result in suspension of the Company’s activities or forfeiture
of one or more of the tenements.

(b)

Resource estimates
The Company currently has a JORC Indicated Resource at the South Johnstone Project. An
indicated resource is an estimate only. An estimate is an expression of judgement based
on knowledge, experience and industry practice. Estimates which were valid when
originally calculated may alter significantly when new information or techniques become
available. In addition, by their very nature, resource estimates are imprecise and depend
to some extent on interpretations, which may prove to be inaccurate. As further
information becomes available through additional fieldwork and analysis, the estimates
are likely to change. This may result in alterations to development and mining plans which
may, in turn, adversely affect the Company’s operations.

(c)

Operations
The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors, including failure to
locate or identify mineral deposits, failure to achieve predicted grades in exploration and
mining, operational and technical difficulties encountered in mining, difficulties in
commissioning and operating plant and equipment, mechanical failure or plant
breakdown, unanticipated metallurgical problems which may affect extraction costs,
adverse weather conditions, industrial and environmental accidents, industrial disputes
and unexpected shortages or increases in the costs of consumables, spare parts, plant and
equipment.
No assurances can be given that the Company will achieve commercial viability through
the successful exploration and/or mining of its tenement interests. Until the Company is
able to realise value from its projects, it is likely to incur ongoing operating losses.

(d)

Mine development
Possible future development of a mining operation at any of the Company’s projects is
21

For personal use only

dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the acquisition and/or
delineation of economically recoverable mineralisation, favourable geological conditions,
receiving the necessary approvals from all relevant authorities and parties, seasonal
weather patterns, unanticipated technical and operational difficulties encountered in
extraction and production activities, mechanical failure of operating plant and equipment,
shortages or increases in the price of consumables, spare parts and plant and equipment,
cost overruns, access to the required level of funding and contracting risk from third
parties providing essential services.
If the Company commences production, its operations may be disrupted by a variety of
risks and hazards which are beyond its control, including environmental hazards,
industrial accidents, technical failures, labour disputes, unusual or unexpected rock
formations, flooding and extended interruptions due to inclement of hazardous weather
conditions and fires, explosions or accidents. No assurance can be given that the
Company will achieve commercial viability through the development or mining of its
projects and treatment of ore.
(e)

Equipment and availability
The Company’s ability to undertake mining and exploration activities is dependent upon
its ability to source and acquire appropriate mining equipment. Equipment is not always
available and the market for mining equipment experiences fluctuations in supply and
demand. If the Company is unable to source appropriate equipment economically or at
all then this would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial or trading
position.

(f)

Reliance on Key Personnel
The Company is substantially reliant on the expertise and abilities of its key personnel in
overseeing the day-to-day operations of its projects. There can be no assurance given that
there will be no detrimental impact on the Company if one or more of these employees
or contractors cease their relationship with the Company.

(g)

Environmental Health and Safety matters
The Company’s proposed mining operations will be subject to extensive Australian health
and safety and environmental laws and regulations which could impose significant costs
and burdens on the Company (the extent of which cannot be predicted). These laws and
regulations provide for penalties and other liabilities for violation of such standards and if
established, in certain circumstances, obligations to rehabilitate current and former
facilities and locations where operations are or were conducted. Permission to operate
could be withdrawn temporarily where there is evidence of serious breaches of health
and safety and environmental laws and regulations and even permanently in the case of
extreme breaches.

(h)

Contractual / off-take
The success of the commercialisation of the Company’s Bauxite Project depends in part
on the ability of the Company to secure the necessary contractual commitments in
relation to off take and related matters. Though the Company has been engaging in
discussions with third parties in this regard, there remains a risk that the Company may
not be able to secure such contractual arrangements on favourable terms or at all.

(i)

Commodity price volatility and exchange rate

22

For personal use only

If the Company successfully defines a resource or reserve and subsequently achieves
success leading to mineral production, the revenue it will derive through the sale of
commodities exposes the potential income of the Company to commodity price and
exchange rate risks. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many factors beyond
the control of the Company. Such factors include supply and demand fluctuations for
precious and base metals, technological advancements, forward selling activities and
other macro-economic factors.
Furthermore, international prices of various commodities are denominated in United
States dollars, whereas the income and expenditure of the Company are and will be taken
into account in Australian currency, exposing the Company to the fluctuations and
volatility of the rate of exchange between the United States dollar and the Australian
dollar as determined in international markets.
3.5

General Risks
(a)

Regulatory
The Company is based in Australia and is subject to Australian laws and regulations. For
example, the Company is required to comply with the Corporations Act. Changes in
relevant taxes, legal and administration regimes, accounting practice and government
policies in the countries in which the Company operates, and may operate, may adversely
affect the financial performance of the Company.

(b)

Government Licences and Approvals
Failure to comply strictly with applicable laws, regulations and local practices could result
in loss, reduction or expropriation of entitlements, or the imposition of additional local or
foreign parties as joint venture partners with carried or other interests. The occurrence
of these various factors and uncertainties cannot be accurately predicted and could have
an adverse effect on the operations or profitability of the Company.

(c)

General Economic and Political Risks
Changes may occur in the general economic and political climate in the jurisdictions in
which the Company operates and on a global basis that could have an impact on economic
growth, interest rates, the rate of inflation, taxation, tariff laws and domestic security
which may affect the value and viability of any activity that may be conducted by the
Company.

(d)

Additional Requirements for Capital: The Directors expect that the Company will have
sufficient capital resources to enable the Company to achieve its initial business objectives
upon settlement of the proposed transactions. However, the Directors can give no
assurances that such objectives will in fact be met without future borrowings or capital
raisings.
The Company’s capital requirements depend on numerous factors. The Company may
require further financing in the future. Any additional equity financing will dilute
shareholdings, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing and
operating activities. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it
may be required to reduce the scope of its operations.

(e)

Economic Risks
General economic conditions, movements in interest and inflation rates and currency
23

exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the Company’s activities, as well as on its
ability to fund those activities.

For personal use only

(f)

Market Conditions
Share market conditions may affect the value of the Company’s quoted securities
regardless of the Company’s operating performance. Share market conditions are
affected by many factors such as:
(i)

general economic outlook;

(ii)

interest rates and inflation rates;

(iii)

currency fluctuations;

(iv)

changes in investor sentiment toward particular market sectors;

(v)

the demand for, and supply of, capital; and

(vi)

terrorism or other hostilities.

The market price of securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject to varied and
unpredictable influences on the market for equities in general and energy stocks in
particular. Neither the Company nor the Directors warrant the future performance of the
Company or any return on an investment in the Company.
(g)

Share Market Risk
The market price of the Shares could fluctuate significantly. The market price of the Shares
may fluctuate based on a number of factors including:
(i)

the Company’s operating performance and the performance of competitors and
other similar companies;

(ii)

the public’s reaction to the Company’s press releases;

(iii)

other public announcements and the Company’s filings with securities regulatory
authorities;

(iv)

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by research analysts who track
the Company’s Shares or the shares of other companies in the sector;

(v)

changes in general economic conditions;

(vi)

the number of Shares publicly traded and the arrival or departure of key personnel;
and

(vii)

acquisitions, strategic alliances or joint ventures involving the Company or its
competitors.

In addition, the market price of the Shares is affected by many variables not directly
related to the Company’s success and are therefore not within the Company’s control,
including other developments that affect the market for all shares in the Company’s
market sector, the breadth of the public market for the Shares, and the attractiveness of
alternative investments.

24

(h)

Potential Acquisitions

For personal use only

As part of its business strategy, the Company may make acquisitions of, or significant
investments in, complementary companies or prospects and additional assets. Any such
acquisitions will be accompanied by risks commonly encountered and listed in this
section.
(i)

Claims, Liability and Litigation
The risk of litigation is a general risk of the Company’s business. There is always the risk
that litigation may occur as a result of differing interpretations of obligations or outcomes.

(j)

Force Majeure
The Company’s operations now or in the future may be adversely affected by risks outside
the control of the Company including labour unrest, civil disorder, war, subversive
activities or sabotage, fires, floods, explosions or other catastrophes, epidemics or
quarantine restrictions

(k)

Insurance risks
The Company intends to insure its operations in accordance with industry practice.
However, in certain circumstances, the Company’s insurance may not be of a nature or
level to provide adequate insurance cover. The occurrence of an event that is not covered
or fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the business,
financial condition and results of the Company.

(l)

Joint venture, acquisitions or other strategic investments
The Company may make strategic investments in complementary businesses, or enter
into strategic partnerships or alliances with third parties in order to enhance its business.
At the date of this Prospectus, the Company is not aware of the occurrence or likely
occurrence of any such risks which would have a material adverse effect on the Company
or its subsidiaries.

(m)

Litigation Risks
The Company is exposed to possible litigation risks including native title claims, tenure
disputes, environmental claims, occupational health and safety claims and employee
claims. Further, the Company may be involved in disputes with other parties in the future
which may result in litigation. Any such claim or dispute if proven, may impact adversely
on the Company’s operations, financial performance and financial position. The Company
is not currently engaged in any litigation.

(n)

Management of growth
There is a risk that management of the Company will not be able to implement the
Company’s growth strategy after completion of the Offer. The capacity of the Company’s
management to properly implement and manage the strategic direction of the Group may
affect the Company’s financial performance.

3.6

Investment Speculative
The above list of risk factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the risks faced by the
Company or by investors in the Company. The above factors, and others not specifically referred

25

For personal use only

to above may, in the future, materially affect the financial performance of the Company and the
value of the Company’s securities.

26

Section 4

For personal use only

4.1

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Continuous disclosure obligations
The Company is a "disclosing entity" under the Corporations Act and is subject to the regime of
continuous disclosure and periodic reporting requirements. Specifically, as a listed company, the
Company is subject to the Listing Rules, which require continuous disclosure to the market of
any information possessed by the Company which a reasonable person would expect to have a
material effect on the price or value of its securities.

4.2

Applicability of Corporations Act
As a "disclosing entity", the Company has issued this Prospectus in accordance with section 713
of the Corporations Act applicable to prospectuses for an offer of securities which are
continuously quoted securities of a body, or options to acquire such securities.
The New Shares to be issued under this Prospectus are ordinary shares i.e. a class of shares that
were continuously quoted securities at all times in the 3 months before the issue of this
Prospectus. The Shares to be issued when the New Options are exercised will be in the same
class of shares that have been quoted on the ASX during the 3 months prior to the issue of this
Prospectus.
Therefore, in preparing this Prospectus, regard has been had to the fact the Company is a
disclosing entity for the purposes of the Corporations Act and matters may reasonably be
expected to be known to investors and professional advisers whom investors may consult. It
must be read in the context of, and having regard to, the Company’s continuous disclosure
obligations and publicly available information regarding the Company and its business.
The ASX maintains files containing publicly disclosed information about all listed companies. The
Company's file is available for inspection at ASX in Perth during normal working hours. In
addition, copies of documents lodged by, or in relation to, the Company with ASIC may be
obtained from, or inspected at, any regional office of ASIC.

4.3

Information available to Shareholders
The Company will provide a copy of each of the following documents, free of charge, to any
investor who so requests during the application period under this Prospectus. Alternatively, they
can be downloaded from ASX’s website at www.asx.com.au:
(a)

the Annual Report for the Company for the period ending 30 June 2019, which was lodged
with ASIC on 30 September 2019;

(b)

the Half Yearly Report for the Company for the half year ending 31 December 2019; and

(c)

the following documents used to notify ASX of information relating to the Company during
the period after lodgement of the Annual Report of the Company for the period ending
30 June 2019 and before the issue of this Prospectus:
Date

Description of ASX Announcement

25 October 2019

Notice of Annual General Meeting/Proxy Form

28 October 2019

Further Asian Business Expansion

27

For personal use only

Date

Description of ASX Announcement

1 November 2019

Appendix 4C – quarterly

5 November 2019

Institutional Investment to Support Expansion

5 November 2019

Appendix 3B

11 November 2019

T12 Food Division Update

13 November 2019

Replacement Cleansing Prospectus

28 November 2019

Chairperson’s Address to 2019 AGM

28 November 2019

Results of Meeting

20 November 2018

Issue of Unlisted Options to CEO & Appendix 3B

6 December 2019

Operational Update

10 December 2019

CGB secures global rights to Olivias Choice formulas

19 December 2019

Strategic Landmark Cannabis Opportunity in South Africa

20 December 2019

Appendix 3B

14 January 2020

Appendix 2A

23 January 2020

New Costco and Epco Purchase Orders

3 February 2020

Quarterly Activities and Cashflow Reports

4 February 2020

Proposed Issue of Securities - CGB

5 February 2020

Appendix 2A

17 February 2020

Share Placement

17 February 2020

Proposed issue of Securities – CGB

17 February 2020

Appendix 2A

2 March 2020

Half Yearly Report and Accounts and Appendix 4D

13 March 2020

Trading Halt

17 March 2020

Suspension from Official Quotation

19 March 2020

Extension to Voluntary Suspension

19 March 2020

Refinancing Extension of Notes and Re-investment

19 March 2020

Proposed issue of Securities - CGB

19 March 2020

Proposed issue of Securities - CGB
28

For personal use only
4.4

Date

Description of ASX Announcement

19 March 2020

Proposed issue of Securities - CGB

19 March 2020

Reinstatement to Official Quotation

24 March 2020

Appendix 2A

8 April 2020

Proposed issue of Securities – CGB

9 April 2020

Appendix 3G – Issue of Restricted Securities

23 April 2020

Appendix 2A

1 May 2020

Quarterly activities and 4C cashflow report

4 May 2020

Replacement Cleansing Prospectus

5 May 2020

Replacement March 2020 Quarterly Activities and Cashflow Rep

18 May 2020

Pause in trading

18 May 2020

Trading halt

20 May 2020

Suspension from Official Quotation

25 May 2020

Extension to Voluntary Suspension

28 May 2020

Request for extension of voluntary suspension

3 June 2020

Request for extension of voluntary suspension

11 June 2020

Extension of Voluntary Suspension

15 June 2020

Cann Global Asia Update

15 June 2020

Research results lead to broader auto-immune research

15 June 2020

Reinstatement to Official Quotation

17 June 2020

Appendix 2A

22 June 2020

General Meeting – Notice of Access

22 June 2020

Notice of General Meeting/Proxy Form

1 July 2020

Non-Renounceable Rights Issue – Prospectus

1 July 2020

Proposed issue of Securities – CGB

2 July 2020

Withdrawal of Entitlements Offer Pending Repricing

Rights attaching to New Shares

29

The New Shares to be issued under the Rights Issue pursuant to this Prospectus will rank equally
in all respects with Existing Shares. Full details of the rights attaching to the Shares are set out
in the Company’s Constitution, a copy of which can be inspected at the Company’s registered
office. The following is a summary of the principal rights which attach to the Shares:

For personal use only

(a)

Voting
Every holder of Shares present in person or by proxy, attorney or representative at a
meeting of Shareholders has one vote on a vote taken by a show of hands, and, on a poll
every holder of Shares who is present in person or by proxy, attorney or representative
has:
(i)

one vote for every fully paid Share held by him or her; and

(ii)

a fraction of one vote for each partly paid up Share held by him or her.

A poll may be demanded by the chairman of the meeting, by at least five Shareholders
entitled to vote on the particular resolution present in person, or by any one or more
Shareholders who are together entitled to not less than 5% of the total voting rights of
the Shares held by all Shareholders who have the right to vote on the resolution.
(b)

Dividends
The Directors may determine that dividends are payable on Shares. New Shareholders will
be entitled to dividends as a result of ownership of their New Shares in accordance with
the Constitution.

(c)

Further issue of securities
Subject to the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, the Directors may allot, grant
options over, or otherwise dispose of shares in the Company at the times and on the terms
the Directors think fit but the Company shall not issue any share with a voting right more
advantageous than that available to any share previously issued by the Company. A share
may be issued with a preferential or special right.

(d)

Transfer of Shares
A Shareholder may transfer Shares by a market transfer in accordance with any
computerised or electronic system established or recognised by the Listing Rules or the
Corporations Act for the purpose of facilitating dealings in Shares or by an instrument in
writing in a form approved by ASX or in any other usual form or in any form approved by
the Directors.
The Directors may refuse to register any transfer of Shares, (other than a market transfer)
where the Company is permitted or required to do so by the Listing Rules or the ASX
Settlement Operating Rules. The Company must not prevent, delay or interfere with the
generation of a proper market transfer in a manner which is contrary to the provisions of
any of the Listing Rules or the ASX Settlement Operating Rules.

(e)

Meetings and notice
Each Shareholder is entitled to receive notice of and to attend general meetings for the
Company and to receive all notices, accounts and other documents required to be sent to
Shareholders under the Constitution, the Corporations Act or the Listing Rules.

30

(f)

Liquidation rights

For personal use only

A liquidator may, with the authority of a special resolution of Shareholders:
(i)

distribute among the Shareholders the whole or any part of the remaining property
of the Company; and

(ii)

decide how to distribute the property as between the Shareholders or different
classes of Shareholders.

The liquidator may vest the whole or any part of the assets in trust for the benefit of
Shareholders as the liquidator thinks fit, but no Shareholder can be compelled to accept
any Shares or other securities in respect of which there is any liability.
(g)

Alteration and reduction of capital
The Company may, by resolution, alter its capital in any manner permitted by law and,
subject to the Corporations Act, the Company may by special resolution reduce its capital.

(h)

Indemnities
Subject to the Corporations Act, the Company must indemnify each past and present
officer against liability incurred by that person as an officer of the Company and any legal
costs incurred in defending an action in respect of such liability.

(i)

Shareholder liability
As the New Shares offered under the Prospectus are fully paid Shares, they are not subject
to any calls for money by the Directors and will therefore not become liable for forfeiture.

(j)

Alteration to the Constitution
The Constitution can only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least three
quarters of shareholders present and voting at the general meeting. At least 28 days'
written notice, specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution,
must be given.

(k)

Listing Rules
Despite anything in the Constitution, if the Listing Rules prohibit an act being done, the
act must not be done. Similarly, nothing in the Constitution prevents an act being done
that the Listing Rules require to be done. If the Listing Rules require an act to be done or
not to be done, authority is given for that act to be done or not to be done (as the case
may be). If the Listing Rules require the Constitution to contain a provision or not to
contain a provision the Constitution is deemed to contain that provision or not to contain
that provision (as the case may be). If a provision of the Constitution is or becomes
inconsistent with the Listing Rules, the Constitution is deemed not to contain that
provision to the extent of the inconsistency.

4.5

Rights attaching to New Options
The New Options intended to be granted under this Prospectus will be granted under the
following terms and conditions:
(a)

Entitlement

31

The New Options entitle the holder to subscribe for one Share upon exercise of each New
Option.

For personal use only

(b)

Exercise Price and Expiry Date
The New Options have an exercise price of $0.012 (Exercise Price) and an expiry date of
5.00pm (EST) on 31 January 2022 (Expiry Date).

(c)

Exercise Period
The New Options are exercisable at any time on or prior to the Expiry Date. If a New
Option is not exercised before the Expiry Date it will automatically lapse (and thereafter
be incapable of exercise).

(d)

Notice of Exercise
The New Options may be exercised by notice in writing to the Company (Notice of
Exercise) and payment of the Exercise Price for each New Option being exercised.

(e)

Exercise Date
A Notice of Exercise is only effective on and from the later of the date of receipt of the
Notice of Exercise and the date of receipt by the Company as cleared funds of the payment
of the Exercise Price for each New Option being exercised in cleared funds (Exercise Date).

(f)

Shares issued on exercise
Shares issued on exercise of the New Options rank equally with the then issued shares of
the Company.

(g)

Quotation of Shares on exercise
Application will be made by the Company to ASX for quotation of the Shares issued upon
the exercise of the New Options.

(h)

Timing of issue of Shares
Within 15 Business Days after the later of the following:
(i)

the Exercise Date; and

(ii)

when excluded information in respect to the Company (as defined in section
708A(7) of the Corporations Act) (if any) ceases to be excluded information,

the Company will:

(i)

(iii)

allot and issue the Shares pursuant to the exercise of the New Options;

(iv)

if required, give ASX a notice that complies with section 708A(5)(e) of the
Corporations Act or lodge a prospectus with ASIC that qualifies the Shares for resale
under section 708A(11) of the Corporations Act; and

(v)

apply for official quotation on ASX of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the
New Options.

Participation in new issues
32

For personal use only

There are no participation rights or entitlements inherent in the New Options and New
Option holders will not be entitled to participate in new issues of capital offered to
Shareholders during the currency of the New Options. However, the Company will ensure
that for the purposes of determining entitlements to any such issue, the record date will
be at least five Business Days after the issue is announced. This will give New Option
holders the opportunity to exercise their New Options prior to the date for determining
entitlements to participate in any such issue.
(j)

Adjustment for bonus issue of Shares
If the Company makes a bonus issue of Shares or other securities to existing Shareholders
(other than an issue in lieu or in satisfaction of dividends or by way of dividend
reinvestment):

(k)

(i)

the number of Shares which must be issued on the exercise of a New Option will be
increased by the number of Shares which the New Option holder would have
received if the Optionholder had exercised the New Option before the record date
for the bonus issue; and

(ii)

no change will be made to the Exercise Price.

Adjustment for rights issue
If the Company makes an issue of Shares pro rata to existing Shareholders there will be
no adjustment of the Exercise Price of a New Option.

(l)

Adjustment for reorganisation
If there is any reconstruction of the issued share capital of the Company, the rights of the
New Options may be varied to comply with the Listing Rules which apply to the
reconstruction at the time of the reconstruction.

(m)

Quotation of New Options
The Company reserves the right to apply for quotation of the New Options on ASX (but is
under no obligation to do so).

(n)

Options transferable
If the New Options are not listed Options, then they are transferable provided that the
transfer of the New Options complies with section 707(3) of the Corporations Act. Should
the New Options become listed Options in accordance with paragraph (m) above then the
New Options will be transferable in accordance with relevant market rules.

4.6

Interests of Directors
(a)

Directors' holdings
As at the date of this Shares and % voting
Prospectus the relevant power
interest of each of the
Directors in the Shares
and Options of the
Company are as follows:
Director

33

Options

Performance
Shares

For personal use only

Pnina Feldman1

193,597,812 (5.7%)

Nil

Nil

Sholom Feldman1

193,597,812 (5.7%)

Nil

Nil

David Austin

Nil

Nil

Nil

Jonathan Cohen

Nil

Nil

Nil

John Easterling

Nil

Nil

Nil

Notes:
1.

(b)

Held through entities controlled by Pnina and Sholom Feldman including L’Hayyim Pty Ltd and Volcan
Australia Corporation Pty Ltd.

Remuneration of Directors
Details of remuneration provided to Directors and their associated entities during the past
2 financial years are as follows:
Director

Remuneration for year
ended 30 June 20181

Remuneration for year ended
30 June 20191

Pnina Feldman2

$312,000

$312,000

Sholom Feldman

$312,000

$312,000

Meyer Gutnick

$70,000

$70,000

David Austin

$20,000

$20,000

John Easterling

N/A

N/A

Jonathan Cohen

N/A

N/A

Notes:
1.
2.

Inclusive of superannuation.
Pnina Feldman also has an interest in Australian Gemstone Mining Pty Ltd (AGMPL), being an entity
controlled by Ms Feldman. AGMPL provides corporate and other services to the Company and MCL,
in respect of which it receives fees. The Director fees payable to Pnina and Sholom Feldman are
included in the fees payable to AGMPL and are not in addition to the fees paid to AGMPL.

Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no Director (whether individually or in consequence
of a Director's association with any company or firm or in any material contract entered
into by the Company) has now, or has had, in the 2 year period ending on the date of this
Prospectus, any interest in:
•

the formation or promotion of the Company; or

•

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with
its formation or promotion or the Rights Issue; or

•

the Rights Issue.

Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no amounts of any kind (whether in cash, Shares,
Options or otherwise) have been paid or agreed to be paid to any Director or to any
company or firm with which a Director is associated to induce him to become, or to qualify
as, a Director, or otherwise for services rendered by him or his company or firm with which
the Director is associated in connection with the formation or promotion of the Company
or the Rights Issue.
4.7

Interests of named persons

34

For personal use only

Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no expert, promoter or any other person named in this
Prospectus as performing a function in a professional advisory or other capacity in connection
with the preparation or distribution of the Prospectus, nor any firm in which any of those
persons is or was a partner nor any company in which any of those persons is or was associated
with, has now, or has had, in the 2 year period ending on the date of this Prospectus, any interest
in:
•

the formation or promotion of the Company;

•

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its
formation or promotion or the Rights Issue; or

•

the Rights Issue.

Except as disclosed in this Prospectus, no amounts of any kind (whether in cash, Shares, Options
or otherwise) have been paid or agreed to be paid to any expert, promoter or any other person
named in this Prospectus as performing a function in a professional advisory or other capacity
in connection with the preparation or distribution of the Prospectus, or to any firm in which any
of those persons is or was a partner or to any company in which any of those persons is or was
associated with, for services rendered by that person in connection with the formation or
promotion of the Company or the Rights Issue.
Murcia Pestell Hillard has acted as solicitors to the Company in relation to the Rights Issue. For
their professional services on this Prospectus, the Company will pay approximately $18,000
(excluding GST). Murcia Pestell Hillard has provided other professional services to the Company
during the last 2 years amounting to approximately $52,610 (excluding GST).
Except where otherwise specified, the amounts disclosed above are exclusive of any amount of
goods and services tax payable by the Company for those amounts.
4.8

Expenses of the Rights Issue
The approximate cash expenses of the Rights Issue are $85,893. These expenses are payable by
the Company.

4.9

Consents
Each of the parties referred to in this Section 4.9:
(a)

does not make, or purport to make, any statement in this Prospectus or on which a
statement made in the Prospectus is based, other than as specified in this Section 4.9; and

(b)

to the maximum extent permitted by law, expressly disclaims and takes no responsibility
for any part of this Prospectus other than a reference to its name and a statement
included in this Prospectus with the consent of that party as specified in this Section 4.9.

Murcia Pestell Hillard has consented to being named in this Prospectus as the solicitors to the
Rights Issue and has not withdrawn such consent prior to the lodgement of this Prospectus with
ASIC.
4.10 Electronic Prospectus
The offer pursuant to an Electronic Prospectus is only available to Eligible Shareholders receiving
an electronic version of this Prospectus within Australia and New Zealand.

35

For personal use only

If you have received this Prospectus as an Electronic Prospectus please ensure you have received
the entire Prospectus accompanied by the Entitlement and Acceptance Form and Residual
Securities Application Form. If you have not, please email the Company at
info@canngloballimited.com and the Company will send to you, free of charge, either a hard
copy or a further electronic copy of the Prospectus or both.
The Company reserves the right not to accept an Entitlement and Acceptance Form and/or and
Residual Securities Application Form from a person if it has reason to believe that when that
person was given access to the electronic Entitlement and Acceptance Form, it was not provided
together with the Electronic Prospectus and any relevant supplementary or replacement
prospectus or any of those documents were incomplete or altered. New Shares, New Option or
Residual Securities will not be issued except upon receipt of valid Entitlement and Acceptance
forms attached to this Prospectus.

36

Section 5

DEFINED TERMS

$ means Australian dollars, unless otherwise stated.

For personal use only

Additional New Shares means New Shares in addition to an Eligible Shareholder’s Entitlement for
which an Eligible Shareholder makes an Application.
Application means an application for New Shares and associated New Options pursuant to the
Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
Application Money means the money received from Eligible Shareholders with respect to completed
and returned Entitlement and Acceptance Forms.
ASIC means the Australian Securities & Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) and, where the context permits, the Australian Securities
Exchange operated by ASX Limited.
ASX Settlement means ASX Settlement Pty Ltd (ACN 008 504 532).
ASX Settlement Operating Rules means the settlement operating rules of ASX Settlement as amended
from time to time.
Bio Health means Bio Health Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd (ACN 142 070 344).
Business Day means every day other than a Saturday, Sunday, New Year's Day, Good Friday, Easter
Monday, Christmas Day, Boxing Day and any other day that ASX declares is not a business day.
CGA has the meaning given in Section 3.3(r).
CHESS means ASX Clearing House Electronic Sub-register System.
Closing Date means the closing date of the Rights Issue being 23 July 2020, subject to the right of the
Company to vary that date (in accordance with the Listing Rules).
Company or CGB means Cann Global Limited (ACN 124 873 507).
Company Group or CGB Group means CGB and/or its subsidiaries, as the context requires.
Constitution means the constitution of the Company.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Directors mean the directors of the Company.
Electronic Prospectus means an electronic version of the Prospectus.
Eligible Shareholder means a Shareholder at the Record Date whose registered address is situated in
Australia or New Zealand.
Entitlement means the entitlement of an Eligible Shareholder to participate in the Rights Issue, as
shown on the Entitlement and Acceptance Form.
Entitlement and Acceptance Form means the entitlement and acceptance form accompanying this
Prospectus.

37

EST means Australian Eastern Standard Time.
Exercise Date has the meaning given in Section 4.5(e).
Exercise Price has the meaning given in Section 4.5(b).

For personal use only

Existing Shares means Shares on issue as at the Record Date.
Expiry Date has the meaning given in Section 4.5(b).
Ineligible Shareholder means a Shareholder (or beneficial holder of Shares) at the Record Date with a
registered address outside Australia and New Zealand.
Issue Date means the issue date set out in the key dates timetable on page iii of this Prospectus.
Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of ASX.
MCL means Medical Cannabis Ltd (ACN 604 732 612).
MCRG means Medical Cannabis Research Group Pty Ltd (ACN 624 220 873), a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company.
MCRG Shares means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of MCRG.
Medcan means Medcan Australia Pty Ltd (ACN 615 734 220).
New Options means the New Options intended to be granted under this Prospectus, the terms of
which are set out in Section 4.5.
New Shares means the Shares offered under this Prospectus, the terms of which are set out in Section
4.4.
Notice of Exercise has the meaning given in Section 4.5(d).
ODC means the Office of Drug Control.
Opening Date means the opening date of the Rights Issue being 13 July 2020, subject to the right of
the Company to vary that date.
Option means an option to acquire one Share.
Performance Right means a performance right that can convert into a Share subject to satisfaction of
vesting conditions.
Prospectus means this prospectus dated 3 July 2020 and includes the Electronic Prospectus (where
applicable).
Record Date means 5 pm (EST), 9 July 2020.
Rights Issue means the issue pursuant to this Prospectus on a pro-rata non-renounceable basis of 1
New Share for every 4 Shares held on the Record Date at an issue price of $0.0055 per New Share,
together with 1 free attaching New Option for every 2 New Shares subscribed for exercisable at $0.012
on or before 31 January 2022.
Section means a section of this Prospectus.
Share means an ordinary fully paid share in the capital of the Company.
38

Share Registrar means Computershare Investor Services Pty Ltd, the Company’s share registrar.
Shareholder means the holder of a Share.

For personal use only

Shortfall means the pool of New Shares and New Options with respect to which Eligible Shareholders
have not submitted valid Applications by 5pm (EST) on the Closing Date.
SUN has the meaning given in Section 3.3(r).
US Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
VWAP means volume weighted average price.

39

For personal use only

Section 6

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT & CONSENT

The Directors state they have made all reasonable enquiries and on that basis have reasonable grounds
to believe any statements made by the Directors in this Prospectus are not misleading or deceptive
and for any other statements made in this Prospectus by persons other than the Directors, the
Directors have made reasonable enquiries and on that basis have reasonable grounds to believe
persons making the statement or statements were competent to make such statements, and those
persons have given their consent to the statements being included in this Prospectus in the form and
context in which they are included and have not withdrawn that consent before lodgement of this
Prospectus with the ASIC, or to the Director’s knowledge, before any issue of New Shares pursuant to
this Prospectus.
The Prospectus is prepared on the basis certain matters may be reasonably expected to be known to
likely investors or their professional advisers.
Each Director has consented to the lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC and has not withdrawn
that consent.

Dated: 3 July 2020

____________________________
Sholom Feldman
Managing Director

40

