For personal use only

ASX RELEASE
3 July 2020

PROGRESS WITH TOPAZ MULLITE FIBRE RESEARCH AT THE UNSW

Chase Mining Corporation Limited (“CML” or “The Company”) provides the following update on the
collaborative topaz research project being undertaken with the University of New South Wales (“UNSW”)
by its wholly owned subsidiary Topfibre Pty Ltd as the industry partner.
The most recent report from the UNSW contains further evidence of proof-in-concept progress in the
production of mullite fibre from Topaz project and other advances made, including metal infiltration of
mullite preforms.
Attached below is a summary of the report as supplied by Professor Charles C Sorrell and the team of
researchers of these results.
Compilation of data for patent application/s is ongoing.
No further work sitework has been undertaken to progress the MLA due to COVID 19 restrictions.

Authorisation
The provision of this announcement to ASX has been authorised by the Board of directors of Chase Mining
Corporation Limited.

Dr Leon Pretorius
Executive Chairman and CEO
3 July 2020

Direct any enquiries to:
Leon Pretorius on 0419 702 616

CHASE MINING CORPORATION LIMITED
ABN 12 118 788 846

Level 8, 46 Edward Street, Brisbane QLD 4000 PO Box
15505, City East QLD 4002
0439 310 818 | 0419 702 616
https://www.chasemining.com.au

UNSW-CHASE MINING RESEARCH PROGRAM
SUMMARY PROGRESS REPORT 15
23 January 2020 – 30 June 2020

For personal use only

Topics
1) Fabrication of porous mullite preforms
This work investigated the formation of (a) large-scale porosity with the use of
three polymers, (b) fine-scale porosity with the use of flake graphite, and (c) no
filler. This effort was key to the eventual success in achieving essentially full metal
penetration of the compacts. It also was aimed at examination of the most
effective means of controlling the porosity so that the preforms alone could be
manufactured directly for applications in (a) catalytic convertors and (b) filters.
These applications are feasible because a striking feature about the preforms is
that, despite having the porosity of loose powder, they are so strong that, as
shown in the figure to the right, they exhibit the conchoidal fracture characteristic
of fully dense solids.

2) Metal infiltration of porous mullite preforms
Preliminary work on the inducement of porosity with the use of tyre rubber and
polypropylene as fillers confirmed the potential to achieve extensive infiltration of
mullite preforms. This work was successful, as demonstrated by experimentation:
1 May 2020 Feasibility of infiltration of mullite preforms
5 June 2020 Feasibility of extensive infiltration of mullite preforms with largescale porosity
10 June 2020 Feasibility of extensive infiltration of mullite preforms with finescale porosity

The figure to the right shows the microstructure of the first preform to exhibit extensive infiltration. These
composites, which consist of interpenetrating networks of both mullite and aluminium alloy, have potential
applications in friction pads for vehicular transport, impact pads for mining, and body armour for the military.

3) Milling, mixing, and blending of topaz
This work aimed at controlling the porosity in order to engineer the microstructure so that the preforms
would be in the form of bulk shapes suitable for (a) liquid metal infiltration and (b) permeability to gases
and liquids.
This work confirmed that the porosity and general pore size could be manipulated but the method for
blending of topaz and fillers was not adequate to allow systematic control of the microstructure.
Achievement of this goal is likely to require investigation of particle size classification, wet-mixing, and use
of different calcining temperatures.

Future Work
For commercialisation purposes, the following parameters must be investigated systematically:
(a) new Al alloys;
(b) mixing techniques;
(c) porosity/pore size distribution;
(d) calcining temperature*;
(e) graphite content;

(f) infiltration temperature; and,
(g) infiltration time.

For personal use only

*The study of calcining temperature will include continuing efforts to coarsen the mullite whiskers into
fibres.

Prepared by

S.S. Mofarah, M. Mayyas, D.M. Miskovic
K. Laws, U. Kumar, Y. Yau, P. Koshy, and C.C. Sorrell

School of Materials Science and Engineering
UNSW Sydney
Sydney, NSW 2052
Australia

