CIVMEC LIMITED

For personal use only

(Company Registration Number 201011837H)

Civmec Strengthens Relationships with Key
Iron Ore Producer
PERTH/SINGAPORE, 2 July 2020 – Civmec Limited (“Civmec” or the “Group”) The
Company’s Metals and Minerals division has been awarded a substantial stand-alone
Civil contract, being the Dry Plant Detailed Earthworks and Concrete package for the
Iron Bridge Magnetite Project, an unincorporated joint venture between Fortescue Metals
Group subsidiary FMG Iron Bridge Ltd and Formosa Steel IB.
The Iron Bridge Magnetite Project is for the development of a new magnetite mine to
support production of 22 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of high grade, magnetite
concentrate product. The project is located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia,
approximately 145 km south of Port Hedland.
Civmec’s scope is for the construction of the structural concrete components for the dry
plant, including the primary, secondary and tertiary crushing areas, screening areas, air
classification and primary grinding areas, course ore stockpile, dry rejects, conveyors
and all related earthing. It will involve over 350,000 m3 of earthworks, the fixing of approx.
5,000 tons of steel reinforcement and the placement of approximately 38,000 m3 of
concrete.
These works will employ over 200 of Civmec’s skilled workforce at peak plus a
commitment to engage with Local Aboriginal Enterprises. The works will commence
immediately with an expected completion in the first quarter of 2022.
Civmec’s Chief Executive Officer, Mr Patrick Tallon, said: “Through our current delivery
of works for Fortescue in the Pilbara, we have formed a strong working relationship built
on transparency, trust and collaboration and reliable execution. Hence, we are extremely
pleased to be given this further opportunity to continue to work with Fortescue on the
Iron Bridge project. This is an exciting project of a very significant scale with a declared
value for the overall project being US$2.6 billion. The Iron Bridge Joint Venture has
demonstrated and refined each step of the magnetite ore processing system and
conducted full-scale trials to ensure the effectiveness of the process and gain confidence
in the overall project success”.
This most recent contract award combined with some other recent awards and scope
increases on existing contracts take the Group’s current order book to approximately
AUD $901 million.

*****End of Release*****

This announcement was authorised for release to the SGX and ASX by the Board

CIVMEC LIMITED

For personal use only

(Company Registration Number 201011837H)

David Tasker
Chapter One Advisors
T: +61 433 112 936
E: davidtasker@chapteroneadvisors.com.au
About Civmec Limited
Civmec is an integrated, multi-disciplinary construction and engineering services provider to the
Oil & Gas, Metals & Minerals, Infrastructure and Marine & Defence sectors. Headquartered in
Henderson, Western Australia, Civmec has regional offices in Newcastle (New South Wales,
Australia), Gladstone (Queensland, Australia), and Broome (Western Australia). The company is
listed on the SGX (Singapore) and the ASX (Australia). Its core capabilities include heavy
engineering, shipbuilding, modularisation, SMP (structural, mechanical, piping), EIC (electrical,
instrumentation and control), precast concrete, site civil works, industrial insulation, maintenance,
surface treatment, refractory and access solutions.
For more information, please visit our website at www.civmec.com.au

This announcement was authorised for release to the SGX and ASX by the Board

