ASX Announcement

For personal use only

3 July 2020

Gold exploration to recommence drilling
at Whiteheads
Drilling to test priority targets at Arsenal
New targets to be tested south of the Lindsays area

Great Boulder Resources [ASX: GBR] is pleased to advise drilling is scheduled to recommence on
the Whiteheads Project north of Kalgoorlie.
A program of air-core drilling will test priority areas within the large, coherent gold-in-soil anomaly
identified earlier in the year by auger sampling1. The program is designed to identify north-south
trending zones of gold mineralisation within the weathering profile.
Drilling will also test strike extensions to gold mineralisation at the Lindsays South area, within the
newly granted tenement E27/588. This tenement surrounds a high density of historic and recent
mining areas, including the Lindsays gold mine owned by Kalnorth Gold Mines Ltd.
Great Boulder Managing Director Andrew Paterson said the company is excited to be drilling again
at Whiteheads.
“We’ve been fairly quiet for the past couple of months, conserving cash while the Coronavirus
pandemic played out.
“Now that things are returning to normal in Western Australia we’re looking forward to testing these
priority anomalies at Whiteheads. The bottom-of-hole geochemistry study is ongoing, and a lot more
work is planned for the coming months.”
The program is scheduled to commence in mid-July.

For further information contact:
Andrew Paterson
Managing Director
Great Boulder Resources Limited
admin@greatboulder.com.au

1

ASX Announcement 3/2/2020: “3.8km gold target at Whiteheads”

ASX Code: GBR
P: +61 8 9321 6037

Contact: Andrew Paterson, Managing Director
PO Box 677, West Perth 6872, Western Australia

E: admin@greatboulder.com.au
ABN 70 611 695 955

GREATBOULDER.COM.AU

ASX Announcement

2

For personal use only

3 July 2020

FIGURE 1: THE ARSENAL ANOMALY IS OVER 3.8KM LONG, WITH A PEAK VALUE OF 108PPB AU.

About Great Boulder Resources
Great Boulder is a mineral exploration company with projects in the Eastern Goldfields region of
Western Australia. With a focus on base metals and gold, the Company has a range of projects from
greenfields through to advanced exploration. With advanced copper-nickel-cobalt projects including
Mt Venn and Winchester and the Whiteheads gold project plus the backing of a strong technical
team, the Company is well positioned for future success.

Competent Person’s Statement
Exploration information in this Announcement is based upon work undertaken by Mr Andrew
Paterson who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG). Mr Paterson has
sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a ‘Competent Person’ as
defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves’ (JORC Code). Mr Paterson is an employee of Great Boulder
Resources and consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on their information in
the form and context in which it appears.
ASX Code: GBR
P: +61 8 9321 6037

Contact: Andrew Paterson, Managing Director
PO Box 677, West Perth 6872, Western Australia

E: admin@greatboulder.com.au
ABN 70 611 695 955

GREATBOULDER.COM.AU

