For personal use only

3 July 2020
Melissa Kostopoulos
ASX Compliance Pty Limited
Level 4, North Tower, Rialto
525 Collins Street
Melbourne VIC 3000
Dear Melissa
RESPONSE TO ASX EARLY RELEASE OF INFORMATION QUERY
Genetic Technologies Limited (‘Company’) refers to your letter dated 29 June 2020.
Using the numbering in your letter, we respond to your questions as follows:
1. GTG prepared a draft ASX market update which it circulated to its PR advisers both in Australia and the
US.
GTG then provided a draft of the proposed final ASX market update to the ASX for pre-release review at
1.04pm on Thursday 18 June 2020, rather than the usual practice of lodging directly on the platform
given recent ASX focus on COVID-19 related announcements by ASX listed companies.
While both PR adviser firms were aware GTG was awaiting ASX review of the draft market update –
due to a misunderstanding, the US based PR adviser caused the draft market update to be published in
the US during the evening of Aust 18 June 2020 (after the close of trading on the ASX). GTG has
spoken to each of the Australian and US PR advisers and they have confirmed they are aware of, and
acknowledge that they must abide by, the regulatory restrictions on issuing any material/price sensitive
statements where there has not been an earlier announcement to the ASX market.
The ASX review was completed at 3.48pm on Friday 19 June 2020 and, as soon as reasonably practical
thereafter, the ASX market update was released to the market.
The ASX market release was marked as material and price sensitive, but the level of subsequent market
activity indicates that this appears not to be the case. There was no material change in the GTG share
price on either Friday 19 June 2020 nor on the Monday 22 June 2020 – which may have been due to the
markets reviewing GTG’s update of 19 June 2020 as merely reflecting the earlier GTG disclosures in its
US F-1 disclosure which was filed in both the US and on the ASX market on 13 May 2020. In
particular, on page 6 of GTG's F-1 disclosure document previously released to the ASX market on 13
May 2020.

Genetic Technologies Limited
www.gtglabs.com
info@gtglabs.com
ABN 17 009 212 328

60-66 Hanover Street
Fitzroy Victoria 3065
Australia
+61 3 8412 7000

For personal use only

2.

GTG has a continuous disclosure policy, an experienced CFO and Company Secretary – both of whom
provide regular advice on continuous disclosure. All Directors are fully aware of their continuous disclosure
obligations.
The disclosure in the US by GTG's US PR agency was not authorised and arose, GTG believes, due to a
miscommunication regarding the ASX review of GTG's update on its patent position, which in any event was
already available in the public domain via publication by the respective US and Australian Patent offices.
As noted, previously such ASX market updates would have had an immediate disclosure to the ASX and not
have been subject to a pre-release review process [which if release had occurred on Thursday 18 June 2020
would have been prior to the US release by the US PR firm].

3.

GTG has raised the error with the US PR agency and confirmed that they are aware of the requirement for
all Material Price Sensitive ASX announcements to be released on the ASX prior to US press release.
On this occasion the US press release (and generally the subsequent GTG ASX market update) did not have
any material impact on the GTG share price.

4.

GTG’s Board has authorised this response to the ASX and generally the ASX market.

Yours sincerely
Justyn Stedwell
Company Secretary
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Genetic Technologies Limited

About Genetic Technologies Limited
Genetic Technologies Limited (ASX: GTG; Nasdaq: GENE) is a diversified molecular diagnostics company.
GTG offers cancer predictive testing and assessment tools to help physicians proactively manage patient
health. The Company’s lead products GeneType for Breast Cancer for non-hereditary breast cancer and
GeneType for Colorectal Cancer are clinically validated risk assessment tests and are first in class.
Genetic Technologies has capacity for COVID-19 testing and is developing a pipeline of risk assessment
products including risk of severe disease from Covid-19.
For more information, please visit www.gtglabs.com.

Genetic Technologies Limited
www.gtglabs.com
info@gtglabs.com
ABN 17 009 212 328

60-66 Hanover Street
Fitzroy Victoria 3065
Australia
+61 3 8412 7000

For personal use only

29 June 2020
Reference: ODIN19937
Mr Justyn Stedwell
Company Secretary
Genetic Technologies Limited
60-66 Hanover Street
Fitzroy Victoria 3065
By email: justyn@stedwell.com.au
Dear Mr Stedwell
Genetic Technologies Limited (‘GTG’): Early release of information query
ASX refers to the following:
A. GTG’s announcement entitled ‘US Patent Office Grants Key Risk Test Patent’ released on the ASX Market
Announcement Platform on 19 June 2020 in which GTG disclosed the granting of US Patent No: US
10,683,549- Methods for assessing risk of developing breast cancer as well as the completion of the
prototype model for the COVID-19 Severity Risk Test (the ‘Announcement’).
B. The article appearing on both the GlobeNewswire and OTC Market webpages on 18 June 2020 under the
headline ‘US Patent Office Grants Key Risk Test Patent’ (the ‘Article’).
C. The publication entitled ‘Methods for assessing risk of developing breast cancer’ appearing on the United
States Patent and Trademark Office- Patent Full-Text Databases that indicates the US Patent No: US
10,683,549 was granted on 16 June 2020.
D. Listing Rule 3.1 which states:
“Once an entity is or becomes aware of any information concerning it that a reasonable person would
expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the entity’s securities, the entity must
immediately tell ASX that information”
E. Listing Rule 15.7 which states:
“An entity must not release information that is for release to the market to any person until it has
given the information to ASX and has received an acknowledgment that ASX has released information
to the market.”
F.

Page 2 of GTG’s Continuous Disclosure Policy available on its website, stating:
‘6.1 Material Information
In accordance with the ASX Listing Rules, the Company must immediately notify the market (via an
announcement to the ASX) of any information concerning the Company which a reasonable person
would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities.
Information need not be disclosed if:
•

a reasonable person would not expect the information to be disclosed; and

•

the information is confidential and the ASX has not formed the view that the information has
ceased to be confidential; and

•

one or more of the following applies:

ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

o

it would breach the law to disclose the information;

o

the information concerns an incomplete proposal or negotiation;

o

the information comprises matters of supposition or is insufficiently definite to warrant
disclosure; - the information is generated for internal management purposes; or

o

the information is a trade secret.

The Company is also required to disclose information if asked to do so by the ASX, to correct or prevent
a false market’.
Listing Rule 15.7 requires that a listed entity not release information which is for release to the market to any
person (including the media, even on an embargoed basis) until it has given the information to ASX and
received an acknowledgement that ASX has released it to the market.
As the Article has appeared on the GlobeNewswire and OTC Market webpages prior to the Announcement
being released to ASX, it appears that GTG may have breached Listing Rules 3.1 and/or 15.7.
Request for Information
Having regard to the above, ASX asks GTG to respond separately to each of the following questions and
requests for information:
1. Please explain how the information in the Announcement appeared in the Article.
2. What arrangements does GTG have in place to ensure compliance with Listing Rule 15.7?
3. If the current arrangements are inadequate or not being enforced, what additional steps does GTG intend to
take to ensure compliance with Listing Rule 15.7?
4. Please confirm that GTG’s responses to the above have been authorised and approved under its published
continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of GTG with delegated authority from the
board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 9:00 AM AEST Friday, 3 July 2020. You should note that if the information
requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, GTG’s obligation is to disclose the information
“immediately”. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require GTG to request a trading halt immediately.
Trading Halt
If you wish to request a trading halt, you must tell us:
•

the reasons for the trading halt;

•

how long you want the trading halt to last;

•

the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;

•

that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and

•

any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted.
You can find further information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary
Suspensions.
ASX reserves the right to release a copy of this letter and your response on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform under Listing Rule 18.7A. Accordingly, your response should be in a form suitable for release to the
market.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsComplianceMelbourne@asx.com.au. It should not be
sent directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm
that it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market
Announcements Platform.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to GTG’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that GTG’s
obligation to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by,
answering the questions set out in this letter.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above ASX will likely suspend trading in GTG’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under listing rule 18.7A.
Enquiries
If you have any queries or concerns about any of the above, please contact me immediately.

Yours sincerely
Melissa Kostopoulos
Compliance, Listings Compliance (Melbourne)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

