ASX Release

For personal use only

Level 17, 56 Pitt St,
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia

T 02 8031 9900
infigenenergy.com

Infigen Energy Ltd
ABN 39 105 051 616
Infigen Energy Trust
ARSN 116 244 118

3 July 2020

Infigen Board unanimously recommends investors ACCEPT the Takeover
Offer from Iberdrola, in the absence of a superior proposal.
Infigen (ASX: IFN) today releases its Target’s Statement in respect of the off market takeover
offer from Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty Limited (Iberdrola) at 89 cents per Infigen
Stapled Security (Iberdrola Offer). The Target’s Statement sets out the Infigen Board’s
reasons for unanimously recommending that Security Holders ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer,
in the absence of a superior proposal.
In making this recommendation, the Board noted that the Iberdrola Offer price of 89 cents
per Infigen Stapled Security (Stapled Security) represents an attractive premium to the
historical trading price of Stapled Securities prior to the announcement of the UAC Offer on
3 June 2020 of:
 50.8% to the closing price on the Last Undisturbed Trading Date, being 2 June
2020, of 59 cents per Stapled Security;
 59.5% to the one-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of 56 cents
per Stapled Security;
 75.7% to the three-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of 51 cents
per Stapled Security;
 50.7% to the six-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of 59 cents
per Stapled Security; and
 32.8% to the average (mean) broker analyst price target on the Last Undisturbed
Trading Date of 67 cents per Stapled Security.
The Board has carefully evaluated the Iberdrola Offer price against the risks and benefits of
Infigen continuing as a standalone business. In deciding to recommend that Security
Holders ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, the Directors have determined that on balance, the
value and certainty provided by Iberdrola’s all cash offer of 89 cents per Stapled Security
provides greater benefit to Security Holders than retaining their Stapled Securities.
Iberdrola’s Offer is conditional on approval from Australia’s Foreign Investment Review
Board (FIRB) and on Iberdrola acquiring a relevant interest in more than 50% of all Stapled
Securities (on a fully diluted basis) by the end of the Iberdrola Offer period. The Board has
reviewed these conditions and believe they are capable of satisfaction during the Iberdrola
Offer period.
Each Director intends to accept the Iberdrola Offer, or procure acceptance of the Iberdrola
Offer, in respect of all Stapled Securities they own or control or otherwise have a relevant
interest in, in each case, in the absence of a superior proposal.

infigenenergy.com | 1

For personal use only

The Board unanimously recommends that Infigen Security Holders REJECT the offer from
UAC Energy Holdings Pty Ltd of 86 cents per Stapled Security (UAC Offer). To REJECT the
UAC Offer, you should ignore any documents sent to you by UAC and take no action in
respect of the UAC Offer.

Infigen Security Holder information line
If Infigen Security Holders have any questions, please call the Infigen Security Holder
helpline on 1300 540 303 (within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (outside Australia) between
9am and 5pm Mondays to Fridays.

Ends
This announcement was authorised by: Len Gill, Chairman of the Board.
Infigen’s legal adviser is Gilbert + Tobin and its financial advisers are Lazard Pty Limited and
Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd.
For further information please contact:
Peter Campbell
General Manager, Investor Relations
Peter.Campbell@InfigenEnergy.com
+61 403 936 030

About Iberdrola S.A.
Iberdrola is a global energy leader, the number-one producer of wind power, and one of the
world's biggest electricity utilities by market capitalisation. Iberdrola has over 55GW of
installed capacity. Iberdrola is listed on all four Spanish stock exchanges and has American
Depository Receipts which trade on the New York Stock Exchange. Iberdrola provides
energy to 34 million customer billing points worldwide.

About Infigen
Infigen is leading Australia to a clean future, today. Our strategy is to provide Australian
businesses with firm supplies of reliable and competitively priced clean energy.
We generate renewable energy from our fleet of owned wind farms. We also source
renewable energy from our portfolio of contracted assets. We manage intermittency risk
with our fast start assets, enabling us to provide our customers with firm prices and firm
volumes for renewable energy.
For more information, please visit: www.infigenenergy.com

infigenenergy.com | 2

Partners
Our ref

John Williamson-Noble | Tim Gordon
T + 61 2 9263 4030 | T +61 2 9263 4251
JWilliamson-Noble@gtlaw.com.au | TGordon@gtlaw.com.au
JWN:TXG:1042989
L 35, Tower Two, International Towers Sydney
200 Barangaroo Avenue,
Barangaroo NSW 2000 AUS
T +61 2 9263 4000 F +61 2 9263 4111
www.gtlaw.com.au

For personal use only

3 July 2020
By electronic lodgement
Company Announcements
ASX Limited
Exchange Centre
20 Bridge Street
Sydney NSW 2000

Dear Sir/Madam
Takeover bid by Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty Limited for Infigen Energy Limited and
Infigen Energy Trust (ASX: IFN): Target’s Statement
We act for Infigen Energy Limited ACN 105 051 616 (IEL) and Infigen Energy RE Limited ACN 113
813 997 (IERL) as responsible entity of the Infigen Energy Trust ARSN 116 244 118 (IET) (ASX:IFN)
(together, Infigen) in relation to an off-market takeover bid by Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty
Limited ACN 628 620 815 (Iberdrola) under Chapter 6 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
(Corporations Act) for all the stapled securities in IEL and IET.
We attach for release by the Australian Securities Exchange, in accordance with item 14 of subsection
633(1) of the Corporations Act, a copy of Infigen’s target’s statement dated 3 July 2020 (Target’s
Statement).
A copy of the Target’s Statement has been sent to Iberdrola and lodged with the Australian Securities
and Investments Commission. Infigen will send the Target’s Statement to each holder of IEL and IET
stapled securities on the register at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on 24 June 2020, being the date set by
Iberdrola under subsection 633(2) of the Corporations Act pursuant to the notice sent by Iberdrola to
Infigen on 24 June 2020.
This release has been authorised by the board of directors of IEL and the board of directors of IERL as
responsible entity for IET.
Yours faithfully
Gilbert + Tobin

John Williamson-Noble
Partner
Gilbert + Tobin

Tim Gordon
Partner
Gilbert +Tobin

+61 2 9263 4030
+61 411 368 959
JWilliamson-Noble@gtlaw.com.au

+ 61 2 9263 4251
+61 401 476 167
TGordon@gtlaw.com.au

3468-2808-7568 v5

For personal use only

Target’s
Statement
relating to the Iberdrola Offer
Infigen Energy Limited (ABN 39 105 051 616) (IEL) and Infigen Energy RE Limited (ABN 61 113 813
997) (IERL) in its capacity as responsible entity for the Infigen Energy Trust (ARSN 116 244 118)
(IET).

THIS IS AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
If you are in any doubt about what to do, you should contact your broker or your legal, financial or
other professional adviser as soon as possible.
This Target’s Statement has been issued in response to the off-market takeover bid made by
Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty Limited (ACN 628 620 815) (Iberdrola Australia) to purchase
all of the Infigen Stapled Securities.
THE INFIGEN DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU

ACCEPT
THE OFFER FROM Iberdrola Australia, in the absence of a Superior Proposal
Infigen Security Holders can call the Infigen Security Holder Information Line on 1300 540 303
(for calls made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (for calls made from outside Australia) on
Monday to Friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm (Sydney, Australia time) if they require assistance.
Financial Advisers

Legal Adviser

infigenenergy.com | 1

Important Information

For personal use only

Key Dates
Description

Date

Announcement of the Iberdrola Offer

17 June 2020

Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement lodged with Infigen, ASIC and
ASX

24 June 2020

Date of the Iberdrola Offer and commencement of Offer
Period

29 June 2020

Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement, notice of
increase in Iberdrola Offer Price and notice of release of
certain Defeating Conditions

30 June 2020

Date of this Target’s Statement

3 July 2020

Date for Iberdrola Australia to provide notice of status of
Defeating Conditions 1

23 July 2020

Close of the Iberdrola Offer (unless extended or
withdrawn)*

7.00pm (Sydney, Australia time)
on 30 July 2020

*The closing date of the Iberdrola Offer may be extended as permitted by the Corporations Act.

How to accept
You may accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of all (and not some only) of your Infigen Stapled
Securities. To accept the Iberdrola Offer, you should proceed as set out below. Full details
on how to accept the Iberdrola Offer are set out in section 9.3 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement.
Step 1
Read
Step 2
Consult

1

Carefully read the entire Iberdrola Bidder's Statement,
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement and this Target’s Statement.

Iberdrola

First

Consult your financial, legal, taxation or other professional adviser if you are in any
doubt as to what action to take or how to accept the Iberdrola Offer.

Step 3

CHESS Holding

Complete
or
instruct

To accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of your Infigen Stapled Securities held in a
CHESS Holding (you have a Holder Identification Number prefixed with 'X'):
•

if you are not a Participant, you must either:

If the Offer Period is extended, this date will be taken to be postponed for the same period.

infigenenergy.com | 1

For personal use only

o

(instruct) instruct your Controlling Participant (usually your Broker) to
initiate acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer on your behalf in accordance
with ASX Settlement Operating Rule 14.14, so as to be effective before
the end of the Offer Period; or

o

(complete) complete and sign the Acceptance Form in the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement in accordance with the instructions on it and return
it (using the enclosed pre-addressed envelope if you wish) together with
all other documents required by those instructions on it or by the terms
of the Iberdrola Offer, so that they are received at the address given on
the Acceptance Form in sufficient time for Iberdrola Australia to instruct
your Controlling Participant to initiate acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer
on your behalf so as to be effective before the end of the Offer Period,

and comply with any other applicable ASX Settlement Operating Rules; or
•

if you are a Participant, you must initiate acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer in
accordance with ASX Settlement Operating Rule 14.14 so as to be effective
before the end of the Offer Period, and comply with any other applicable ASX
Settlement Operating Rules.

Issuer Sponsored Holding
To accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of your Infigen Stapled Securities which are
held in an Issuer Sponsored Holding (you have a Securityholder Reference Number
prefixed with 'I') you must complete and sign the Acceptance Form in the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement in accordance with the instructions on it and return it (using the
enclosed pre-addressed envelope if you wish) together with all documents required
by the instructions on it and the terms of the Iberdrola Offer, so that they are
received at the address given on the Acceptance Form before the end of the Offer
Period.
Step 4
Post

Post your completed Acceptance Form enclosed in the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement pre-addressed envelope to:
Infigen Takeover
Link Market Services Limited
Locked Bag A14
SYDNEY SOUTH NSW 1235

To be effective, Acceptance Forms must be received in sufficient time for your
instruction to be processed by 7:00 pm (Sydney time) on 30 July 2020, unless the
Iberdrola Offer is extended or withdrawn as permitted by the Corporations Act.
Standard delivery may take up to six Business Days, or longer from regional areas.
Postage times may have increased generally as a result of the impact of the COVID-19
situation. Infigen Security Holders should bear this in mind when returning Acceptance
Forms using Australia Post.

infigenenergy.com | 2

For personal use only

Infigen Security Holder Information Line
If you have any questions in relation to the Iberdrola Offer, please contact the Infigen Security
Holder Information Line on 1300 540 303 (for calls made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022
7955 (for calls made from outside Australia) on Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5.00
pm (Sydney, Australia time).

infigenenergy.com | 3

Nature of this document

For personal use only

This document is a Target’s Statement issued by Infigen under Part 6.5 of the Corporations
Act in response to the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement dated 24 June 2020 and the Iberdrola First
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement dated 30 June 2020.

ASIC and ASX disclaimer
A copy of this Target’s Statement has been lodged with ASIC and given to the ASX on 3 July
2020. None of ASIC, the ASX or any of their respective officers take any responsibility for the
content of this Target’s Statement.

No account of personal circumstances
The information contained in this Target’s Statement does not constitute personal advice. In
preparing this Target’s Statement, Infigen has not taken into account the objectives, financial
situation or needs of individual Infigen Security Holders. It is important that you consider the
information in this Target’s Statement in light of your particular circumstances. You should
seek advice from your financial, legal or other professional adviser before deciding whether to
accept or not accept the Iberdrola Offer.

Disclaimer as to forward-looking statements
Some of the statements in this Target’s Statement may be in the nature of forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties.
Those risks and uncertainties include factors and risks specific to the industry in which Infigen
and Iberdrola operate as well as general economic conditions, prevailing exchange rates,
interest rates and conditions in the financial markets. Actual events, results or outcomes may
differ materially from the events, results or outcomes expressed or implied in any forwardlooking statement. None of Infigen, its Related Bodies Corporate or any of its officers or
employees, nor any persons named in this Target’s Statement or any person involved in the
preparation of this Target’s Statement makes any representation or warranty (express or
implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, or any
events or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement, except to the extent
required by law. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statement. The forward-looking statements in this Target’s Statement reflect views held only
as at the date of this Target’s Statement. Except as required by applicable law or the ASX
Listing Rules, Infigen does not undertake to update or revise these forward-looking statements
nor any other statements (written or oral) that may be made from time to time by or on behalf
of Infigen, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Disclaimer as to Iberdrola information
The information on Iberdrola Australia, Iberdrola and the Iberdrola Group and its business
contained in this Target’s Statement has been prepared by Infigen using publicly available
information (including information contained in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and the
Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement) and has not been independently verified by
Infigen.
Accordingly, subject to the Corporations Act, Infigen does not make any
representation or warranty (express or implied) as to the accuracy or completeness of such
information.

infigenenergy.com | 4

The information on Iberdrola Australia, Iberdrola and the Iberdrola Group in this Target’s
Statement should not be considered comprehensive.

For personal use only

Risk factors
Infigen Security Holders should note that there are a number of risk factors attached to their
investment in Infigen and other risks associated with accepting the Iberdrola Offer. Section 8
of this Target’s Statement sets out further information regarding those risks.

Foreign jurisdictions
The release, publication or distribution of this Target’s Statement may be restricted by law or
regulation in some jurisdictions outside Australia. Accordingly, persons outside Australia who
come into possession of this Target’s Statement should seek advice and observe any such
restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable
laws or regulations.
This Target’s Statement has been prepared in accordance with Australian law and the
information contained in this Target’s Statement may not be the same as that which would
have been disclosed if this Target’s Statement had been prepared in accordance with laws
and regulations outside Australia.

Responsibility Statement
The information in this Target’s Statement has been prepared by Infigen and is the sole
responsibility of Infigen.

Privacy
Infigen has collected your information from the Infigen Securities Register for the purpose of
providing you with this Target’s Statement. Such information may include the names, contact
details and security holdings of Infigen Security Holders and the names of persons appointed
to act as proxy, attorney or corporate representative of Infigen Security Holders. Without this
information, Infigen would be hindered in its ability to issue this Target’s Statement. The
Corporations Act requires the name and address of security holders to be held in a public
register. Personal information of the type described above may be disclosed on a confidential
basis to Infigen and its Related Bodies Corporate, Infigen Security Holders and external service
providers, and may be required to be disclosed to regulators, such as ASIC. If you would like
details of information about you held by Infigen, please contact the Infigen Security Holder
Information Line as set out above.

Website links
Any website links in this Target’s Statement are for your reference only. Information contained
in or otherwise accessible from those websites does not form part of this Target’s Statement.

Charts and diagrams
Diagrams appearing in this Target’s Statement are illustrative only and may not be drawn to
scale. Unless stated otherwise, all data contained in charts, graphs and tables is based on
information available at the Last Trading Date.

Effect of rounding
Figures, amounts, percentages, prices, estimates, calculations of value and fractions in this
Target’s Statement may be subject to the effect of rounding. Accordingly, the actual calculation
of these figures may differ from the figures set out in this Target’s Statement.
infigenenergy.com | 5

Currencies

For personal use only

In this Target's Statement, references to "Australian dollars", "AUD", "$", "A$" or "cents" are to
the lawful currency of Australia.
This Target's Statement may contain conversions of relevant currencies to other currencies for
convenience. These conversions should not be construed as representations that the relevant
currency could be converted into the other currency at the rate used or at any other rate.
Conversions that have been calculated at the date of this Target's Statement (or any other
relevant date) may not correspond to the amounts shown in the historic or future financial
statements of Infigen or Iberdrola Australia in respect of which different exchange rates may
have been, or may be, used.

Time
All references to time in this Target’s Statement are to Sydney, Australia time.

Defined terms
Capitalised terms used in this Target’s Statement are defined in paragraph 1.1 of Schedule 1.
The rules of interpretation that apply to this Target’s Statement are also set out in paragraph
1.2 of Schedule 1.

infigenenergy.com | 6

For personal use only

Table of Contents
1.

Reasons why you should ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer

11

2.

Reasons to not accept the Iberdrola Offer

18

3.

Frequently asked questions

21

4.

Your choices as an Infigen Security Holder

30

5.

About the Iberdrola Offer

32

6.

Information relating to Infigen and the Infigen Group

37

7.

Information relating to Iberdrola Australia and the Iberdrola Group

45

8.

Risk factors

54

9.

Taxation considerations

66

10.

Additional information

70

11.

Approval of this Target’s Statement

81

Schedule 1 – Dictionary

82

Attachment A

Defeating Conditions of the Iberdrola Offer

91

Attachment B

Infigen ASX announcements

92

infigenenergy.com | 7

Letter from the Chairman
3 July 2020

For personal use only

Dear Fellow Infigen Security Holder,
Iberdrola Australia has made an off-market takeover offer for all Infigen Stapled Securities at
a price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security in cash (Iberdrola Offer).
This is a result of Infigen and Iberdrola Australia entering into the Bid Implementation
Agreement on 17 June 2020 and then, on 30 June 2020, Iberdrola Australia increasing the
price offered from $0.86 to $0.89 2 per Infigen Stapled Security (Iberdrola Offer Price).
The Iberdrola Offer follows an extended period of engagement between Infigen and Iberdrola
S.A. (Iberdrola) regarding potential cooperation or a control transaction.
Infigen’s Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders ACCEPT the
Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal. In addition, each Infigen Director
intends to ACCEPT, or procure the acceptance of, the Iberdrola Offer in respect of any
Infigen Stapled Securities they own or control, or otherwise have a Relevant Interest in,
in the absence of a Superior Proposal.
Infigen believes that the Iberdrola Offer represents an attractive offer to Infigen Security
Holders for a number of reasons, including:
•

The Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security represents an attractive
premium to the historical trading price of Infigen Stapled Securities of:
o

50.8% to the closing price of $0.59 per Infigen Stapled Security on the Last
Undisturbed Trading Date (being 2 June 2020, the day before the announcement
of the UAC Offer);

o

59.5% to the one-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of Infigen
Stapled Securities of $0.56;

o

75.7% to the three-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of Infigen
Stapled Securities of $0.51;

o

50.7% to the six-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of Infigen
Stapled Securities of $0.59; and

o

32.8% of the average (mean) broker analyst price target on the Last Undisturbed
Trading Date of $0.67 per Infigen Stapled Security.

•

On balance, the value and certainty provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides more benefit
to Infigen Security Holders than retaining your Infigen Stapled Securities.

•

The Iberdrola Offer Price is at a 3.5% premium to the UAC Offer Price.

2
Notice from Iberdrola Australia pursuant to section 650D of the Corporations Act released on the ASX Market Platform on 30
June 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 8

For personal use only

•

The Iberdrola Offer is subject to only two conditions capable of defeating the offer, being
the FIRB Condition and the Minimum Acceptance Condition and the Directors believe
these Defeating Conditions are capable of being satisfied during the Offer Period.

•

As at the date of this Target’s Statement a superior proposal has not emerged.

•

There are risks associated with not accepting the Iberdrola Offer.

Infigen also notes that as set out in the letter from the directors of Iberdrola Australia in the
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, the Iberdrola Group is a world leader in renewable energy, is at
the forefront of the global energy transition and is committed to sustainable development goals
with a strong focus on ESG metrics.
Further, Infigen’s largest security holders, the TCI Funds (which together have a Relevant
Interest in 33.09% of the Infigen Stapled Securities), have entered into a Pre-Bid Agreement
under which, broadly, Iberdrola Australia agreed to purchase 194,139,613 Infigen Stapled
Securities (representing 20% of the Infigen Stapled Securities on issue) from the TCI Funds,
no earlier than two months after commencement of the Iberdrola Offer, conditional on FIRB
approval being obtained and subject to the Iberdrola Offer being declared unconditional with
Iberdrola Australia having a Relevant Interest in more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled
Securities (including the TCI Fund’s Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of the agreement)
(Pre-Bid Agreement). The Pre-Bid Agreement includes termination rights, including in certain
circumstances if a superior offer emerges which is unmatched by Iberdrola Australia.
Further information about the Iberdrola Offer and the reasons Infigen’s Directors recommend
that you ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer is contained in this Target’s Statement.
You should have recently received from Iberdrola Australia its bidder’s statement dated 24
June 2020 containing its offer to acquire your Infigen Stapled Securities (Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement). In addition, you may have received, or will shortly receive, Iberdrola Australia’s
first supplementary bidder’s statement dated 30 June 2020 which supplements the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement (Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement). The full details
and conditions of the Iberdrola Offer are contained in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and the
Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.
I urge you to read this Target’s Statement and the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement as
supplemented by the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement carefully in full and, if
required, seek your own legal, financial, taxation or other professional advice.
The Iberdrola Offer is open for acceptance from 29 June 2020 to 30 July 2020, unless that
date is extended. To ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, you should follow the instructions outlined
in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and on the Acceptance Form which is enclosed with the
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
You should have already received the UAC Bidder’s Statement as supplemented by the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statements. You should also have already received, or will shortly
receive, the UAC Offer Target’s Statement and the UAC Offer First Supplementary Target’s
Statement from Infigen in respect of the UAC Offer. Infigen’s Directors recommend that you
REJECT the UAC Offer. To do this you should simply ignore the UAC Bidder’s Statement,
the UAC Supplementary Bidder’s Statements or any other correspondence received from
UAC.

infigenenergy.com | 9

Your Directors will keep you informed on all material developments in relation to the Iberdrola
Offer. If you have any questions in relation to this Target’s Statement or your security holding
in Infigen, please call the Infigen Security Holder Information Line on 1300 540 303 (for calls
made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (for calls made from outside Australia),
Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm (Sydney, Australia time).

For personal use only

Thank you for your continued support as an Infigen Security Holder.
Yours sincerely

Len Gill
Independent Non-Executive Chairman

infigenenergy.com | 10

For personal use only

1.

Reasons why you should ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer

1.1

Summary of reasons to ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders ACCEPT the
Iberdrola Offer and will accept, or procure the acceptance of, the Iberdrola Offer in respect of
any Infigen Stapled Securities they own or control or otherwise have a Relevant Interest in, in
each case, in the absence of a Superior Proposal.
The Infigen Directors’ reasons for recommending that Infigen Security Holders ACCEPT the
Iberdrola Offer are:
1

The Iberdrola Offer Price represents an attractive premium to Infigen’s historical
trading prices.

2

On balance, the value and certainty provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides more
benefit to Infigen Security Holders than retaining your Infigen Stapled Securities.

3

The Iberdrola Offer Price is at a premium to the UAC Offer Price and the Iberdrola Offer
is subject to only two Defeating Conditions which the Directors believe are capable of
satisfaction during the Offer Period.

4

At the date of this Target’s Statement, a superior proposal for your Infigen Stapled
Securities has not emerged.

5

There are risks associated with not accepting the Iberdrola Offer.

Further information in relation to each of these reasons is set out below in section 1.2.

infigenenergy.com | 11

Further information on reasons to ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer

1.

The Iberdrola Offer Price represents an attractive premium to Infigen’s
historical trading prices.

For personal use only

1.2

The Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security represents an attractive
premium to the historical trading price of Infigen Stapled Securities prior to the
announcement of the UAC Offer on 3 June 2020 of:
 50.8% to the closing price on the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of $0.59 per
Infigen Stapled Security;
 59.5% to the one-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of $0.56 per
Infigen Stapled Security;
 75.7% to the three-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of $0.51 per
Infigen Stapled Security;
 50.7% to the six-month VWAP to the Last Undisturbed Trading Date of $0.59 per
Infigen Stapled Security; and
 32.8% of the average (mean) broker analyst price target on the Last Undisturbed
Trading Date of $0.67 per Infigen Stapled Security.
Figure 1: Iberdrola Offer Price vs. Last Undisturbed Traded Price, VWAPs (pre
announcement of the UAC Offer). Average Analyst Price Target and the UAC
Offer Price and implied premiums
$/security
1.00
0.90
0.80
0.70

Iberdrola Offer Price: $0.89

50.8%

59.5%

3.5%

75.7%

50.7%

32.4%

0.60
0.50
0.40
0.30

0.86
0.59

0.56

2 June Close Price

1 month VWAP

0.51
3 month VWAP

0.59

6 month VWAP

0.67

Average analyst
price target

UAC Offer Price

Source: IRESS 3

3

IRESS, which is not required to consent, and has not consented, to the use of, or references to, its data in this Target’s
Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 12

2.

On balance, the value and certainty provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides
more benefit to Infigen Security Holders than retaining your Infigen Stapled
Securities.

The Infigen Directors have evaluated the risks and benefits of Infigen continuing as a
standalone business against the Iberdrola Offer Price. In deciding to recommend the
Iberdrola Offer, the Directors have decided that on balance, the value and certainty
provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides greater benefit to Infigen Security Holders than
retaining their Infigen Stapled Securities.
Infigen’s business strategy is designed to create long-term value based on energy
market fundamentals for Infigen Security Holders by positioning Infigen as the utility of
the future. Value is created by increasing the quantum and reliability of revenues. To
do this, Infigen combines renewable energy with energy produced by fast start firming
assets, allowing it to enter into firm contracts for the sale of electricity to C&I Customers.
The Infigen Directors believe that Infigen has achieved substantial success over recent
years.
However, execution of Infigen’s business strategy is not without risk. These risks
include, but are not limited to:
 Risks inherent in being an electricity and energy market participant. The Australian
electricity market is volatile and, while the energy market fundamentals point
towards a strong future for clean reliable energy being sold to C&I Customers, the
pricing of electricity (and the value of clean energy) will vary in the short term. Such
short-term volatility can have negative effects on short and medium-term outcomes
for Infigen and the rate, pace and profitability of growth which can be achieved. In
particular, Infigen is exposed to volatility in electricity and LGC prices, as illustrated
below for that portion of its electricity and LGCs which are not contracted for sale,
and it will be exposed to the market risks of recontracting electricity and LGCs for
sale as existing contracts progressively roll off.
Figure 2: Electricity – Annual Volume Weighted Average Spot Prices

Source: AER

infigenenergy.com | 13

FY20 YTD

FY2019

FY2018

SA

FY2017

NSW

FY2016

FY2014

FY2013

FY2012

VIC

FY2011

140
120
100
80
60
40
20
-

FY2015

$/MWh

FY2010

For personal use only

The Iberdrola Offer provides each Infigen Security Holder with the opportunity to realise
certain value of $0.89 for each Infigen Stapled Security.

For personal use only

Figure 3: LGCs – Annual Average Spot Price

Source: GFI
 Infigen operates in an industry that is subject to government policy and regulation
as well as the possibility of government intervention in the Australian energy
market. Any of these actions could be either negative or positive for the price of
Infigen Stapled Securities or the fundamental value of the business.
 Infigen has a relatively high level of debt for a utility and does not have an
investment grade credit rating. This has a number of impacts on the Infigen Group’s
business, including:
 a likely need to provide credit support to contract counterparties in order to grow
its business, potentially requiring increasing levels of capital and liquidity;
 reduced operating and financial flexibility; and
 periodic refinancing risks and increased volatility of equity returns.
 It is likely that additional capital will be required by Infigen as a stand-alone entity
to execute on the targeted growth of variable renewable energy for sale.
If you do not accept the Iberdrola Offer, you will continue to be exposed to these and
other risks inherent in the Infigen Group’s business and the potential impact of these
risks on both the price of Infigen Stapled Securities and the fundamental value of the
business. More detail in relation to the risks associated with continuing to hold an
investment in Infigen Stapled Securities is set out in section 8.4 of this Target’s
Statement.
On the other hand, if you accept the Iberdrola Offer and the Iberdrola Offer becomes,
or is declared, unconditional, you would receive the Offer Consideration on or before
the earlier of:
 one month after the Iberdrola Offer is accepted or, if the Iberdrola Offer is subject
to a Defeating Condition, within one month after the Iberdrola Offer becomes or is
declared unconditional; and
 21 days after the end of the Offer Period.
If you accept the Iberdrola Offer, you will also not incur brokerage fees, which may
otherwise be incurred if you sold your Infigen Stapled Securities on market.

infigenenergy.com | 14

3.

The Iberdrola Offer Price is at a premium to the UAC Offer Price and the
Iberdrola Offer is subject to only two Defeating Conditions which the Directors
believe are capable of satisfaction during the Offer Period.

For personal use only

The Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security in cash is at a 3.5%
premium to the increased UAC Offer Price of $0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security 4 and
at a premium to the price that Infigen Stapled Securities traded between the
announcement of the UAC Offer on 3 June 2020 and prior to the announcement of the
Iberdrola Offer on 17 June 2020, as illustrated below:
Figure 4: Iberdrola Offer Price vs. UAC Offer Price and market price
$/security
0.95
0.90
0.85

Infigen Close Price

UAC Offer Price

Iberdrola Offer Price

Source: IRESS
The Iberdrola Offer is subject to only two Defeating Conditions, being the FIRB
Condition and the Minimum Acceptance Condition.
With respect to the FIRB Condition, the Infigen Directors have no reason to believe that
FIRB approval will not be obtained, as Iberdrola Australia is an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of Iberdrola, a listed Spanish utility which is regarded as a world leader in
renewable energy and, as disclosed in section 2 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement,
Iberdrola Australia has an existing presence in the Australian energy market via its Port
Augusta Project in South Australia. Iberdrola Australia has also stated in the Iberdrola
First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement, ‘Iberdrola Australia is pleased with the
progress FIRB has made in progressing its application for approval and is very
confident of receiving approval in a timely manner.’ In addition, the fact that UAC has
received FIRB approval in connection with the UAC Offer provides further support for
the belief of the Directors that the FIRB Condition will be capable of satisfaction during
the Offer Period.
With respect to the Minimum Acceptance Condition, Infigen’s largest security holder,
the TCI Funds (which, as at the Last Trading Date, had a Relevant Interest in 33.09%
of Infigen Stapled Securities on issue), have entered into a conditional Pre-Bid
Agreement with Iberdrola Australia which is summarised in section 10.9.2 of this
Target’s Statement. The Pre-Bid Agreement, in addition to the Directors’ decision to
recommend the Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal, provides the
Infigen Directors with a reasonable basis to consider that the Minimum Acceptance
Condition is likely to be satisfied during the Offer Period, unless a Superior Proposal
emerges.

4

See the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 15

2-Jul

1-Jul

30-Jun

29-Jun

26-Jun

25-Jun

24-Jun

23-Jun

22-Jun

19-Jun

18-Jun

17-Jun

16-Jun

15-Jun

12-Jun

11-Jun

10-Jun

9-Jun

5-Jun

4-Jun

0.75

3-Jun

0.80

4.

At the date of this Target’s Statement, a superior proposal for your Infigen
Stapled Securities has not emerged.

For personal use only

While there is a competing offer from UAC, the UAC Offer Price is lower than the
Iberdrola Offer Price. There is also the potential for a proposal that is superior to the
Iberdrola Offer to emerge from either UAC or a third party, however, as at the date of
this Target’s Statement, no superior proposal has emerged.
If a Superior Proposal is received prior to the end of the Offer Period, this will be
carefully considered by the Infigen Directors. Refer to section 4 of this Target’s
Statement.
5.

There are risks associated with not accepting the Iberdrola Offer.
If the Iberdrola Offer is unsuccessful
The Infigen Directors believe that, if the Iberdrola Offer is unsuccessful and no
alternative proposal emerges that is comparable to the Iberdrola Offer Price, the trading
price of an Infigen Stapled Security on the ASX may fall.
The Infigen Directors believe that, if the Iberdrola Offer is unsuccessful but the UAC
Offer is available it may underpin the price of Infigen Stapled Securities at $0.86 per
Infigen Stapled Security. If however the UAC Offer has closed or lapsed then the
trading price of an Infigen Stapled Security on the ASX may fall below both the Iberdrola
Offer Price and UAC Offer Price.
This is because the Iberdrola Offer Price is higher than the UAC Offer Price and the
UAC Offer Price is higher than the recent undisturbed trading levels of Infigen Stapled
Securities (that is, the market price of such securities prior to the announcement of the
UAC Offer on 3 June 2020), as shown in Figure 5 below.
Figure 5: The Infigen Stapled Security price since 1 January 2018
$/security
1.00
0.90
0.80
0.70
0.60
0.50
0.40
0.30
Jan-18

Apr-18

Jul-18

Oct-18

Jan-19

Infigen Close Price

Apr-19

Jul-19

Oct-19

Jan-20

Apr-20

Iberdrola Offer Price

Source: IRESS
If the Iberdrola Offer is successful
If Iberdrola Australia acquires a Relevant Interest in more than 50% of the Infigen
Stapled Securities (on a fully diluted basis) and the Iberdrola Offer becomes or is
declared unconditional and you have not accepted the Iberdrola Offer by the end of the
Offer Period in respect of all your Infigen Stapled Securities, you may become a
minority Infigen Security Holder in a business controlled by a single large Infigen

infigenenergy.com | 16

Jul-20

Security Holder. The risks associated with this scenario are outlined in detail in section
8.3 of this Target’s Statement.

For personal use only

Some of the key risks resulting from being a minority Infigen Security Holder include:
 A single large Infigen Security Holder will have control of Infigen and may exercise
power in ways which may adversely affect minority Infigen Security Holders. For
example: in relation to appointment of the directors, distribution and capital
allocation policies, strategic direction and execution and the timing, quantum,
format and discounts applied to equity raisings.
 The liquidity of your Infigen Stapled Securities may be reduced making it more
difficult to sell your Infigen Stapled Securities in the future or depressing the price
achieved from the sale of them.


The likelihood of a third party paying a control premium may be diminished and if
a third party sought control the majority Infigen Security Holder would effectively
be able to set the price and terms for a change in control or preclude that
outcome from occurring.

There is a possibility that Infigen would be delisted from the ASX, depending on the
level of acceptances. Specifically, Iberdrola Australia has stated that it intends to cause
the Infigen Directors to review whether Infigen should remain listed on the ASX or be
removed from the official list of ASX if the number of Infigen Security Holders no longer
justifies listing on the ASX or the benefits of continuing to remain listed on the ASX
cease to outweigh the costs of listing on the ASX. If Infigen is delisted there would be
no liquid market for sale of Infigen Stapled Securities as the business would not be
listed on a securities exchange.

infigenenergy.com | 17

For personal use only

2.

Reasons to not accept the Iberdrola Offer

2.1

Summary of reasons to not accept the Iberdrola Offer

Notwithstanding the Infigen Directors unanimously recommending that Infigen Security
Holders ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal, some Infigen
Security Holders may not agree with that recommendation. Individual Infigen Security Holders
are not obliged to follow the recommendation of the Infigen Directors.
Possible reasons why individual Infigen Security Holders may choose to not accept the
Iberdrola Offer are:
1

You may believe there is an opportunity for increased value for your Infigen Stapled
Securities by Infigen continuing to be widely owned and listed on the ASX.

2

There are limited alternative ways of obtaining exposure to an investment in
renewable energy on the ASX.

3

A superior proposal may emerge.

4

You may prefer to sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market and receive the
prevailing market price sooner than the consideration payable under the Iberdrola
Offer even if it becomes unconditional.

5

You may form a different view of the capability of satisfaction of the Minimum
Acceptance Condition and/or the FIRB Condition and do not want to lose the
opportunity to accept the UAC Offer. However, you have until closer to the end of
the UAC Offer period to make an assessment of the benefit of accepting the UAC
Offer over the higher Iberdrola Offer.

Further information in relation to each of these reasons is set out below in section 2.1 of this
Target’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 18

2.2

For personal use only

1.

Further information on the reasons to not accept the Iberdrola Offer
You may believe there is an opportunity for increased value for your Infigen
Stapled Securities by Infigen continuing to be widely owned and listed on the ASX.
You may believe that the Infigen Stapled Security price will be worth more than the
Iberdrola Offer Price in the future by Infigen continuing to be widely owned and listed on
the ASX.
Reasons you may be of this view could include but are not limited to:
 your views on the outlook for electricity and LGC prices;
 your views on the likelihood of changes to emissions reduction policy creating
greater value for low emissions electricity generation;
 your views on the availability of capital to continue to scale up the Infigen business
model and capture the opportunities that the transition of the Australian energy
market presents as well as manage the risks associated with that growth;
 Infigen’s ability to significantly grow its revenue through a combination of additional
owned and contracted generation volumes; and
 a belief that investor appetite will increasingly be driven by ESG performance, and
that this will lead to Infigen being able to access more capital and at lower cost.
The Infigen Directors have evaluated the risks and benefits of Infigen continuing as a
standalone business against the Iberdrola Offer Price and the other terms of the Iberdrola
Offer. In deciding to recommend the Iberdrola Offer, the Directors have decided that on
balance, the value and certainty provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides greater benefit
to Infigen Security Holders than retaining their Infigen Stapled Securities.

2.

There are limited alternative ways of obtaining exposure to an investment in
renewable energy on the ASX.
There are only a small number of businesses with a primary listing on the ASX which are
wholly or largely focused on renewable energy. If you wish to retain exposure to the
Australian renewable energy sector and you accept the Iberdrola Offer you may not be
able to find suitable alternative listed investments.

3.

A superior proposal may emerge.
While Infigen is not aware of any superior proposal to the Iberdrola Offer as at the date
of this Target’s Statement, it is possible that a superior proposal may emerge.
If you accept the Iberdrola Offer, you will not be able to accept a superior proposal unless:
 the Iberdrola Offer lapses without its conditions being satisfied or waived while the
superior proposal remains open for acceptance; or
 at the time a superior proposal becomes capable of acceptance, the Iberdrola Offer
remains conditional on the FIRB Condition being satisfied AND you exercise your
right to withdraw your acceptance before that condition is satisfied.
Under the Bid Implementation Agreement, Iberdrola Australia has the right to match any
Competing Proposal. If a Competing Proposal emerges and Iberdrola Australia
exercises that right, any increase in the Iberdrola Offer Price under the Iberdrola Offer
will be extended to all accepting Infigen Security Holders, irrespective of the time of their

infigenenergy.com | 19

acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer and Infigen Security Holders who have not accepted
the UAC Offer or sold their Infigen Stapled Securities on market will also be able to
accept the Iberdrola Offer at the improved price.

For personal use only

4.

You may prefer to sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market and receive the
prevailing market price sooner than the consideration under the Iberdrola Offer
even if it becomes unconditional.
If there is sufficient liquidity in the market and you sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on
the ASX, you will receive the consideration for your Infigen Stapled Securities sooner
than if you accept the Iberdrola Offer while it is subject to the FIRB Condition and the
Minimum Acceptance Condition. You will also receive the prevailing market price which
may or may not be higher than the Iberdrola Offer Price.
If you sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market, you:
 will lose the ability to accept the Iberdrola Offer and receive $0.89 per Infigen
Stapled Security (and any subsequent increase in the Iberdrola Offer Price) in
relation to those Infigen Stapled Securities; and
 may incur a brokerage charge.

5.

You may form a different view of the capability of satisfaction of the Minimum
Acceptance Condition and/or the FIRB Condition and do not want to lose the
opportunity to accept the UAC Offer. However, you have until closer to the end of
the UAC Offer period to make an assessment of the benefit of accepting the UAC
Offer over the higher Iberdrola Offer.
The Infigen Directors believe that the FIRB Condition and the Minimum Acceptance
Condition are both capable of satisfaction during the Offer Period for the reasons set out
in paragraph 3 of section 1.2 of this Target’s Statement. You may however form a
different view of the capability of satisfaction of these conditions, in which case you may
consider accepting the lower UAC Offer. The UAC Offer is currently open until 7.00pm
on 24 July 2020. Infigen Security Holders have until closer to this time to make an
assessment about the likelihood of satisfaction of the Minimum Acceptance Condition
and the FIRB Condition without losing the potential to accept either the UAC Offer or the
Iberdrola Offer. Accordingly, the Infigen Directors consider that any decision regarding
accepting the UAC Offer on this basis should only be made closer to the end of the offer
period of the UAC Offer when further information regarding the status of the two
Defeating Conditions to the Iberdrola Offer may be known. This preserves the possibility
of you being able to accept the higher Iberdrola Offer Price if the Iberdrola Offer
becomes, or you determine it is likely to become, unconditional. If you accept the UAC
Offer you will not have the opportunity to receive the higher Iberdrola Offer Price of $0.89
per Infigen Stapled Security.

infigenenergy.com | 20

3.

Frequently asked questions

This section answers some frequently asked questions about the Iberdrola Offer. It is not
intended to address all relevant issues for Infigen Security Holders. This section should be
read together with all other parts of this Target’s Statement.

For personal use only

Note: Section numbers refer to this Target’s Statement unless otherwise indicated.
QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

What is this Target’s
Statement?

This Target’s Statement is Infigen’s formal N/A
response to the Iberdrola Offer, including the
recommendation of the Directors that Infigen
Security Holders ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer,
in the absence of a Superior Proposal.

What is the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement?

The Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement is the bidder’s N/A
statement dated 24 June 2020 prepared by
Iberdrola Australia setting out the terms of the
Iberdrola Offer, a copy of which was lodged
with ASIC and released to the ASX on 24 June
2020 as supplemented by the Iberdrola First
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement lodged with
ASIC and released to the ASX on 30 June
2020.

Who is making the
Iberdrola Offer?

The offer is made by Iberdrola Australia.

Section 5

Iberdrola Australia is an indirectly wholly-owned The letter from
subsidiary of Iberdrola S.A. (Iberdrola).
the directors of
Iberdrola
Iberdrola is a listed Spanish corporation Australia and
(sociedad
anónima)
with
a
market section 2 of
capitalisation of €65.76 billion ($107.54 billion) 5 the Iberdrola
which was incorporated in the Kingdom of Bidder’s
Spain in 1901 and is currently one of the world’s Statement

leading private electricity groups in terms of
market capitalisation and the number of
customers it serves and is the number one
producer of wind power globally. Infigen also
notes that as set out in the letter from the
directors of Iberdrola Australia in the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement, the Iberdrola Group is a
world leader in renewable energy.
The Iberdrola Group primarily carries out
activities in the electricity industry in the
Kingdom of Spain, the United Kingdom, the
United States of America, Mexico and Brazil,
5

Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 21

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

and has a significant presence in France, Italy,
Portugal and Greece (amongst others).

For personal use only

As at 31 March 2020, the Iberdrola Group had
global net assets of €47.170 billion ($77.135
billion) 6 and for the year ended 31 March 2020
had revenue of €9.426 billion ($15.414 billion) 7
and net profit of €1.257 billion ($2.056 billion). 8
Further information in relation to Iberdrola
Australia, Iberdrola and the Iberdrola Group is
set out in section 7 of this Target’s Statement
and section 2 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement.
What is Iberdrola
Australia offering for the
Infigen Stapled
Securities?

$0.89 cash per Infigen Stapled Security
(Iberdrola Offer Price) on the terms and
conditions set out in section 9 of the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement and page 2 of the Iberdrola
First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.

What is Iberdrola
Australia offering to
buy?

The Iberdrola Offer relates to:
(a)

(b)

Section 4
Page 15 and
section 9 of
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement and
page 2 of the
Iberdrola First
Supplementary
Bidder’s
Statement

Sections 6.6
all Infigen Stapled Securities, together and 6.7
with all Rights attached to them on issue
at 7.00 pm (Sydney time) on 24 June 2020 Page 11 and
section 9 of
(Record Date); and
the Iberdrola
all Infigen Stapled Securities that are Bidder’s
issued during the period from the Record Statement
Date to the end of the Offer Period as a
result of the vesting of any Performance
Rights on issue as at the Record Date.

You can only accept the Iberdrola Offer in
respect of all of your Infigen Stapled Securities.
If you purport to accept the Iberdrola Offer in
respect of some only of your Infigen Stapled
Securities you will be deemed to have accepted
in respect of all of your Infigen Stapled
Securities.

Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
8
Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
6
7

infigenenergy.com | 22

For personal use only

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

Is the Iberdrola Offer
subject to Defeating
Conditions?

Yes. The Iberdrola Offer is subject to the two
Defeating Conditions described in section
9.7(a) and section 9.7(b) of the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement as amended by the
Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s
Statement (Defeating Conditions).
The
Defeating Conditions are:

Section 4.1
and
Attachment A

Section 9.7 of
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement and
(a) the Minimum Acceptance Condition; and
Section 1 of
the Iberdrola
(b) the FIRB Condition.
First
Supplementary
Iberdrola Australia may choose to waive the Bidder’s
Minimum Acceptance Condition but not the
Statement
FIRB Condition, which may only be waived in
compliance with the FATA.
The Directors believe that the Defeating
Conditions are capable of satisfaction during
the Offer Period. The Defeating Conditions are
set out in full at Attachment A.
What happens if the
Defeating Conditions
are not satisfied or
waived?

There are only two Defeating Conditions to the Sections 9.5
Iberdrola Offer, the FIRB Condition and the and 9.8 of the
Minimum Acceptance Condition.
Iberdrola
Bidder’s
If these Defeating Conditions are not satisfied Statement and
or waived, the Iberdrola Offer will not proceed Section 1 of
and, if you have accepted the Iberdrola Offer, the Iberdrola
Iberdrola Australia will be entitled to rescind the First
contract that results from your acceptance of Supplementary
the Iberdrola Offer and your Infigen Stapled Bidder’s
Securities will be returned to you.
Statement
The Directors believe that the Defeating
Conditions are capable of satisfaction during
the Offer Period.

What happens if the
Defeating Conditions
are satisfied or waived?

There are only two Defeating Conditions to the Sections 9.5,
Iberdrola Offer, the FIRB Condition and the 9.8 and 9.9 of
Minimum Acceptance Condition.
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
If these Defeating Conditions are satisfied or Statement and
waived by the end of the Offer Period and you Section 1 of
accepted the Iberdrola Offer, you will receive the Iberdrola
the Offer Consideration from Iberdrola Australia First
(subject to the terms of the Iberdrola Offer in the Supplementary
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement).
Bidder’s
Statement

infigenenergy.com | 23

For personal use only

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

What happens if Infigen
declares or pays a
distribution before the
end of the Offer Period?

On 17 June 2020, Infigen announced that no
distribution would be paid in respect of the half
year ended 30 June 2020. See Infigen’s ASX
announcement on 17 June 2020 for more
information.

Page 12 of the
Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement

Iberdrola Australia has stated on page 12 of the
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, that if you accept
the Iberdrola Offer and Infigen determines to
pay a distribution after the Announcement
Date, you authorise and direct Infigen to pay to
Iberdrola Australia, or to account to Iberdrola
Australia for, the distribution.
Does Iberdrola Australia
already have an interest
in Infigen Stapled
Securities?

Iberdrola Australia has entered into a Pre-Bid
Agreement with the TCI Funds, which together
own 33.09% of the Infigen Stapled Securities.
Under this agreement, the TCI Funds have
agreed to sell 194,139,613 Infigen Stapled
Securities, representing 20% of Infigen Stapled
Securities on issue to Iberdrola Australia no
earlier
than
two
months
after
the
commencement of the Iberdrola Offer,
conditional on FIRB approval being obtained
and subject to the Iberdrola Offer becoming
unconditional and upon Iberdrola Australia
either having a relevant interest in more than
50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities (including
the TCI Funds’ Infigen Stapled Securities the
subject of the Pre-Bid Agreement) or where the
TCI Funds’ acceptance of their Infigen Stapled
Securities into the Iberdrola Offer, together with
acceptances submitted into any institutional
acceptance facility, would result in Iberdrola
Australia having a relevant interest in more than
50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities. The PreBid Agreement includes termination rights,
including in certain circumstances if a superior
offer emerges which is unmatched by Iberdrola
Australia.

Section 4.5
and 8.2 of the
Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement

A summary of the Pre-Bid Agreement is set out
in section 10.9.2 of this Target’s Statement.
See section 8.2 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement for further details. 9

9
For full terms and conditions, please refer to the copy of the Pre-bid Purchase Agreement released on the ASX Market
Announcements Platform as Annexure B to the ‘Form 603 - Notice of initial substantial holder’ lodged by Iberdrola Australia on
17 June 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 24

For personal use only

QUESTION

ANSWER

What choices do I have
as an Infigen Security
Holder?

As an Infigen Security Holder, you have the Section 4
choice to:
(a)

accept the Iberdrola Offer for all of your
Infigen Stapled Securities and receive
$0.89 cash for each of your Infigen
Stapled Securities;

(b)

sell some or all of your Infigen Stapled
Securities on market (unless you have
previously accepted the UAC Offer);

(c)

accept the UAC Offer for all or some of
your Infigen Stapled Securities and
receive the lower price of $0.86 cash for
each of your Infigen Stapled Securities
(to which your acceptance applies); or

(d)

do nothing.

REFERENCE

There are implications arising from each of the
above choices.
A summary of these
implications is set out in section 4 of this
Target’s Statement.
You should carefully consider the Infigen
Directors’ unanimous recommendation to
ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of
a Superior Proposal.
You may wish to seek independent financial
and taxation advice from your professional
adviser in relation to the action you should take
in relation to the Iberdrola Offer.
What do Infigen’s
Directors recommend?

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend Section 1
that you ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, in the
absence of a Superior Proposal.
The reasons for this recommendation are set
out in section 1 of this Target’s Statement.
If there is any change to this recommendation
or any material development in relation to the
Iberdrola Offer Infigen will lodge a
supplementary Target’s Statement.

Why should I ACCEPT
the Iberdrola Offer?

The Infigen Directors consider you should Section 1
ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of
a Superior Proposal because:

infigenenergy.com | 25

For personal use only

QUESTION

How do I ACCEPT the
Iberdrola Offer?

ANSWER
(a)

the Iberdrola Offer Price represents an
attractive premium to the historical
trading price of Infigen Stapled
Securities;

(b)

on balance, the value and certainty
provided by the Iberdrola Offer provides
more benefit to Infigen Security Holders
than retaining your Infigen Stapled
Securities;

(c)

the Iberdrola Offer Price is at a premium
to the UAC Offer Price and is subject to
only two Defeating Conditions which the
Directors consider are capable of
satisfaction during the Offer Period;

(d)

at the date of this Target’s Statement, a
superior proposal for your Infigen Stapled
Securities has not emerged; and

(e)

there are risks associated with not
accepting the Iberdrola Offer.

REFERENCE

To accept the Iberdrola Offer you must follow N/A
the instructions set out in section 9.3 of the
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and on the
Acceptance Form accompanying the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement.
For ease of reference, a summary setting out
‘How to accept’ the Iberdrola Offer is also set
out on page 2 of this Target’s Statement.

Can I be forced to sell
my Infigen Stapled
Securities?

You cannot be forced to sell your Infigen N/A
Stapled Securities unless Iberdrola Australia
proceeds to compulsorily acquire Infigen
Stapled Securities under Chapter 6A of the
Corporations Act.
In summary, Iberdrola Australia would need to
acquire a Relevant Interest in at least 90% of
Infigen Stapled Securities (under the Iberdrola
Offer or otherwise) in order to exercise
compulsory acquisition rights. If you do not
accept the Iberdrola Offer but this occurs and
Iberdrola Australia proceeds to compulsorily
acquire all Infigen Stapled Securities on issue
in which it does not have a Relevant Interest,
then you will receive the same consideration
from Iberdrola Australia as you could have

infigenenergy.com | 26

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

For personal use only

received had you accepted the Iberdrola Offer
but you will receive your cash consideration
later than the Infigen Security Holders who
choose to accept the Iberdrola Offer.
What are the
consequences of
accepting the Iberdrola
Offer now?

If you accept the Iberdrola Offer, unless you Section 4.1
become entitled to withdraw your acceptance
(see below), you will give up your right to deal
with your Infigen Stapled Securities while the
Iberdrola Offer remains open. Accordingly, you
will be unable to:
(a)

sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on
market;

(b)

accept the lower-priced UAC Offer;

(c)

accept a superior proposal from another
party if one emerges; or

(d)

otherwise deal with your Infigen Stapled
Securities while the Iberdrola Offer
remains open.

Iberdrola Australia will also be entitled to all
Rights (including distributions, if any) for as
long as your acceptance remains valid.
If I accept, can I
withdraw my
acceptance of the
Iberdrola Offer?

Once you have accepted the Iberdrola Offer,
you will only be able to withdraw your
acceptance at any time while the FIRB
Condition remains unfulfilled. Once the FIRB
Condition has been fulfilled, you will be unable
to withdraw your acceptance and the contract
resulting from your acceptance will be binding
on you and you will be unable to withdraw your
Infigen Stapled Securities from the Iberdrola
Offer or otherwise dispose of your Infigen
Stapled Securities, except as follows:
(a)

if the Minimum Acceptance Condition is
not satisfied or waived by the end of the
Offer Period, then the Iberdrola Offer will
automatically terminate and your Infigen
Stapled Securities will be returned to you;
or

(b)

if the Iberdrola Offer is varied in a way that
postpones for more than one month the
time when Iberdrola Australia must meet
its obligations under the Iberdrola Offer
and, at the time, the Iberdrola Offer is

Section 5.6
Sections 9.5
and 9.8 of the
Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement

infigenenergy.com | 27

For personal use only

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

subject to one or more of the Defeating
Conditions, you may be able to withdraw
your acceptance in accordance with
section 650E of the Corporations Act. A
notice will be sent to you at the time
explaining your rights in this regard.
When does the
Iberdrola Offer close?

The Iberdrola Offer is currently scheduled to Section 5.2
close at 7:00 pm (Sydney, Australia time) on 30
July 2020, unless it is extended or withdrawn in
accordance with the Corporations Act.

Can Iberdrola Australia
withdraw the Iberdrola
Offer?

Iberdrola Australia may only withdraw the
Iberdrola Offer with the written consent of ASIC
and subject to the conditions (if any) specified
in such consent.

Section 9.11 of
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement

If this occurs Iberdrola Australia will give notice
of the withdrawal to ASX and to Infigen and will
comply with any other conditions imposed by
ASIC.
When will you be sent
the Offer
Consideration?

If you accept the Iberdrola Offer and the Section 5.9
Iberdrola Offer becomes or is declared
unconditional, you will receive your Offer Section 9.9 of
Consideration on or before the earlier of:
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
(a) one month after the Iberdrola Offer is Statement
accepted or, if the Iberdrola Offer is subject
to a Defeating Condition, one month after
the Iberdrola Offer becomes or is declared
unconditional; and
(b) 21 days after the end of the Offer Period.
Full details of when you will be paid are set out
in section 9.9 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement.

What are the sources of
the Offer
Consideration?

Iberdrola Australia has stated that the
consideration for the acquisition of the Infigen
Stapled Securities to which the Iberdrola Offer
relates will be satisfied wholly in cash.

Section 6 of
the Iberdrola
Bidder’s
Statement

Iberdrola Australia has stated that it has
received a binding commitment from the
Iberdrola
Group
company,
Iberdrola
Financiación S.A.U. for a credit facility
agreement to fund the payment of the
consideration payable under the Iberdrola

infigenenergy.com | 28

QUESTION

ANSWER

REFERENCE

For personal use only

Offer. As at 31 March 2020, the Iberdrola
Group had approximately €2.304 billion
($3.768 billion) 10 of cash on deposit and cash
equivalents.

10

What are the tax
implications of
accepting the Iberdrola
Offer?

A general outline of the tax implications of Section 9
accepting the Iberdrola Offer is set out in
section 9 of this Target’s Statement and section Section 7 of
the Iberdrola
7 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Bidder’s
As those sections provide a general overview Statement
only, Infigen Security Holders should seek their
own personal advice on the taxation
implications applicable to their circumstances.

Is there a number I can
call if I have any
questions?

If you have any queries regarding the Iberdrola N/A
Offer, please contact the Infigen Security
Holder Information Line on 1300 540 303 (for
calls made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022
7955 (for calls made from outside Australia) on
Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5.00
pm (Sydney, Australia time).

Conversion based on AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close price on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 29

4.

Your choices as an Infigen Security Holder

For personal use only

The Directors unanimously recommend that you ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer, in the absence
of a Superior Proposal. The Infigen Directors believe that the Iberdrola Offer is superior to the
UAC Offer for the reasons set out in section 1 of this Target’s Statement.
Infigen encourages you to consider your personal risk profile, investment objectives and tax
and financial circumstances before making any decision in relation to your Infigen Stapled
Securities.
As an Infigen Security Holder, you have the following four choices available to you in relation
to the Iberdrola Offer:

4.1

Option 1 – ACCEPT the Iberdrola Offer

You may choose to accept the Iberdrola Offer. This approach is recommended by the Infigen
Directors, in the absence of a Superior Proposal.
Details of when you will receive payment if you accept the Iberdrola Offer are set out in section
5.9 of this Target’s Statement as well as section 9.9 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement. The
Iberdrola Offer has two Defeating Conditions, the Minimum Acceptance Condition and the
FIRB Condition. You will only receive payment if the two Defeating Conditions are satisfied or,
in respect of the Minimum Acceptance Condition, waived. Refer to section 9.7 of the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement, section 1 of the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement and
Attachment A to this Target’s Statement.
Refer to page 2 of this Target’s Statement and the Acceptance Form provided to you by
Iberdrola Australia for instructions on how to accept the Iberdrola Offer.
The consequences of accepting or not accepting the Iberdrola Offer are set out in sections 8.2
and 8.3 of this Target’s Statement (respectively).
If you accept the Iberdrola Offer:
 you will receive $0.89 for each of your Infigen Stapled Securities paid in accordance
with the conditions of the Iberdrola Offer as set out in the Iberdrola Bidder's Statement
and the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement;
 you will give up your right to deal with your Infigen Stapled Securities while the Iberdrola
Offer remains open unless you have the right to withdraw your acceptance of the
Iberdrola Offer. The circumstances in which the acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer may
be withdrawn are set out in section 5.6 of this Target’s Statement.
Accordingly, you will be unable to:
−

sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market;

−

accept the lower-priced UAC Offer; or

−

accept a superior proposal from a third party, if one emerges; and

 you may be liable for capital gains tax or income tax as a result of your acceptance.
Refer to section 7 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and section 9 of this Target’s
Statement for further details.

infigenenergy.com | 30

4.2

Option 2 – Sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market

For personal use only

You can sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market at any time, but only if you have not
accepted the Iberdrola Offer (or the UAC Offer). If you sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on
market, you:
(a)

should be paid in 2 business days (in accordance with the ASX’s “T-2” settlement cycle)
at the price you have sold the Infigen Stapled Securities;

(b)

may incur a brokerage charge;

(c)

will not receive the possible benefits of any potential superior proposal for your Infigen
Stapled Securities from a third party or any potential higher offer from Iberdrola
Australia (although there is no certainty as to whether this will occur).

You should seek your own specific professional advice regarding the financial and taxation
consequences of selling your Infigen Stapled Securities on market.

4.3

Option 3 – Take no action

If you do not wish to sell your Infigen Stapled Securities on market, do not wish to accept the
Iberdrola Offer and do not wish to accept the UAC Offer, you should take no action. Simply
disregard the documents sent to you by Iberdrola Australia in relation to the Iberdrola Offer (or
UAC in relation to the UAC Offer).
You should note:
(a)

if you choose not to accept the Iberdrola Offer, you will retain your Infigen Stapled
Securities and will not receive any money from Iberdrola Australia unless Iberdrola
Australia holds 90% of the Infigen Stapled Securities at the end of the Offer Period. In
that event, Iberdrola Australia will become entitled to compulsorily acquire those Infigen
Stapled Securities that it does not already own and Iberdrola Australia intends to
exercise this right (refer to section 5.7 of this Target’s Statement for further information
regarding compulsory acquisition); and

(b)

if Iberdrola Australia acquires more than 50% but less than 90% of the Infigen Stapled
Securities, you will be exposed to the risks associated with being a minority Infigen
Security Holder. Some of these risks are explained in section 8.3.

4.4

Option 4 – Accept the UAC Offer

Notwithstanding the lower price of the UAC Offer, and the unanimous recommendation of the
Infigen Directors that you REJECT it, you can choose to accept the UAC Offer of $0.86 per
Infigen Stapled Security. Refer to the UAC Bidder’s Statement for instructions on how to
accept the UAC Offer.
Refer to the UAC Offer Target’s Statement for further information about the UAC Offer,
including the reasons for the Infigen Director’s recommendation in relation to that offer, a copy
of which was released to the ASX on 23 June 2020 and the UAC Offer First Supplementary
Target’s Statement released to the ASX on the date of this Target’s Statement. Each of these
documents is available on Infigen’s website (www.infigenenergy.com).

infigenenergy.com | 31

For personal use only

5.

About the Iberdrola Offer

5.1

Summary of the Iberdrola Offer

Iberdrola Australia is offering $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security. If you accept the Iberdrola
Offer and Infigen determines to pay a distribution after the Announcement Date, you authorise
and direct Infigen to pay to Iberdrola Australia, or to account to Iberdrola Australia, for the
distribution.
The Directors have determined not to pay a distribution in respect of the half year ended 30
June 2020. Refer to Infigen’s ASX Announcement on 17 June 2020.
The Iberdrola Offer is made for:
(a)

all Infigen Stapled Securities in existence as at 7:00 pm (Sydney, Australia time) on 24
June 2020; and

(b)

any Infigen Stapled Securities that are issued during the period from the Record Date
to the end of the Offer Period as a result of the vesting of any Performance Rights on
issue as at the Record Date,

on the terms set out in section 9 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
You may only accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of all of your Infigen Stapled Securities. If
you purport to accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of some only of your Infigen Stapled
Securities you will be deemed to have accepted in respect of all of your Infigen Stapled
Securities.

5.2

Offer Period

The Iberdrola Offer is open for acceptance from 29 June 2020 until 7.00pm (Sydney, Australia
time) on 30 July 2020, unless extended or withdrawn.
While the Iberdrola Offer is subject to two Defeating Conditions (being the FIRB Condition and
the Minimum Acceptance Condition), Iberdrola Australia may extend the Offer Period at any
time:
(a)

before giving the notice of status of the Defeating Conditions, which, as at the date of
this Target’s Statement, must be given by 23 July 2020; 11 and

(b)

after giving the notice of status of Defeating Conditions in the circumstances described
in section 650C(2) of the Corporations Act.

However, if the Iberdrola Offer is unconditional (that is, the two Defeating Conditions are
satisfied or waived), Iberdrola Australia may extend the Offer Period at any time before the end
of the Offer Period.
In addition, there will be an automatic extension of the Offer Period if, within the last seven
days of the Offer Period:
(a)

Iberdrola Australia improves the consideration offered under the Iberdrola Offer; or

(b)

Iberdrola Australia’s voting power in Infigen increases to more than 50%.

11

Subject to extension in accordance with section 630(2) of the Corporations Act if the Offer Period is extended.

infigenenergy.com | 32

If either of these two events occur, the Offer Period is automatically extended so that it ends
14 days after the relevant event occurs.

For personal use only

Before you accept the Iberdrola Offer, Iberdrola Australia may withdraw the Iberdrola Offer
with the written consent of ASIC, subject to the conditions (if any) specified in such consent.
Subject to applicable laws, Iberdrola Australia may waive the Minimum Acceptance Condition
at any time during the Offer Period however the FIRB Condition can only be waived to the
extent permitted by FATA.

5.3

Two Defeating Conditions of the Iberdrola Offer

The Iberdrola Offer is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (as applicable) of two Defeating
Conditions, being the FIRB Condition and the Minimum Acceptance Condition.
The Infigen Directors believe that the Defeating Conditions will be satisfied during the Offer
Period.
The Defeating Conditions are set out in full in Attachment A to this Target’s Statement.

5.4

Effect of non-satisfaction of a Defeating Condition

If either Defeating Condition is not satisfied or waived prior to the end of the Offer Period and
Iberdrola Australia does not declare the Iberdrola Offer free from all Defeating Conditions, the
Iberdrola Offer will lapse, and all acceptances of the Iberdrola Offer will be void and have no
effect. If that occurs, Infigen Security Holders who accepted the Iberdrola Offer will not be paid
the Iberdrola Offer Price.

5.5

Effect of acceptance

The effect of accepting the Iberdrola Offer is described in section 4.1 of this Target’s Statement
and section 9 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement. Infigen Security Holders should read these
provisions in full to understand the effect that acceptances will have on their ability to exercise
the Rights attaching to their Infigen Stapled Securities and the representations and warranties
which they give by accepting the Iberdrola Offer.

5.6

Your ability to withdraw your acceptance

You only have limited rights to withdraw your acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer.
If you accept the Iberdrola Offer, you will only be able to revoke your acceptance at any time
while the FIRB Condition remains unfulfilled. When the FIRB Condition has been fulfilled, you
will be unable to withdraw your acceptance, the contract resulting from your acceptance will
be binding on you and you will be unable to withdraw your Infigen Stapled Securities from the
Iberdrola Offer or otherwise dispose of your Infigen Stapled Securities, except in certain
circumstances set out in section 9.5(k) of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
You may only otherwise withdraw your acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer if Iberdrola Australia
varies the Iberdrola Offer in a way that postpones, for more than one month, the time when
Iberdrola Australia needs to meet its obligations under the Iberdrola Offer. This will occur if
Iberdrola Australia extends the Offer Period by more than one month and the Iberdrola Offer
is still subject to Defeating Conditions.

infigenenergy.com | 33

5.7 Consequences of Iberdrola Australia acquiring 90% or more of Infigen’s

For personal use only

Stapled Securities
If Iberdrola Australia acquires 90% of all Infigen Stapled Securities (by number) and the
Iberdrola Offer becomes unconditional, Iberdrola Australia will be entitled to compulsorily
acquire all outstanding Infigen Stapled Securities which it does not already hold a Relevant
Interest in. Iberdrola Australia’s intentions with respect to compulsory acquisition are set out
in section 6.3 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement. In summary, Iberdrola Australia has stated
that if it becomes entitled to do so under the Corporations Act, it intends to give notices to
compulsorily acquire any outstanding Infigen Stapled Securities in accordance with Part 6A.1
of the Corporations Act (Post Bid Compulsory Acquisition).
If Iberdrola Australia does not become entitled to undertake a Post Bid Compulsory Acquisition,
Iberdrola Australia may nevertheless become entitled to exercise general compulsory
acquisition rights under Part 6B.2 of the Corporations Act if it subsequently acquires sufficient
Infigen Stapled Securities to give it a Relevant Interest in 90% (by number) of Infigen Stapled
Securities (General Compulsory Acquisition).
(a)

Post Bid Compulsory Acquisition
Iberdrola Australia will be entitled to compulsorily acquire any Infigen Stapled Securities
in respect of which it has not received an acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer on the same
terms as the Iberdrola Offer if, during or at the end of the Offer Period, Iberdrola
Australia (together with its Associates):
(i)

has a Relevant Interest in at least 90% (by number) of the Infigen Stapled
Securities; and

(ii)

has acquired at least 75% (by number) of the Infigen Stapled Securities that
Iberdrola Australia offered to acquire under the Iberdrola Offer.

If these thresholds are met, Iberdrola Australia will have up to one month after the end
of the Offer Period within which to give compulsory acquisition notices to Infigen
Security Holders who have not accepted the Iberdrola Offer. Infigen Security Holders
have statutory rights to challenge the compulsory acquisition, subject to the
Corporations Act.
(b)

General Compulsory Acquisition
If Iberdrola Australia does not become entitled to proceed to Post Bid Compulsory
Acquisition, Iberdrola Australia will nevertheless become entitled to compulsorily acquire
any outstanding Infigen Stapled Securities if Iberdrola Australia’s voting power in Infigen
is at least 90%, and Iberdrola Australia (either in its own right or through Related Bodies
Corporate) acquires full beneficial interests in at least 90% (by value) of the aggregate
of all Infigen Stapled Securities, and:
(i)

Iberdrola Australia lodges a compulsory acquisition notice with ASIC within six
months of achieving that 90% holding;

(ii)

Iberdrola Australia proposes a cash sum for the compulsory acquisition of the
Infigen Stapled Securities; and

(iii)

Iberdrola Australia obtains the report of an expert stating whether, in the expert’s
opinion, the terms proposed in the notice represent fair value for the Infigen Stapled
Securities.

infigenenergy.com | 34

For personal use only

If Infigen Security Holders with at least 10% of Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of
the compulsory acquisition notice object to the acquisition before the end of the onemonth objection period, Iberdrola Australia may apply to a court for approval of the
acquisition of the Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of the compulsory acquisition
notice.

5.8 Consequences of Iberdrola Australia acquiring more than 50% but less
than 90% of Infigen Stapled Securities
The Iberdrola Offer is subject to the Minimum Acceptance Condition. If Iberdrola
Australia acquires more than 50% but less than 90% of all Infigen Stapled Securities
then, assuming the FIRB Condition is satisfied (or waived, to the extent permitted by the
FATA), Iberdrola Australia will acquire a majority security holding in Infigen and
effectively control Infigen but will not be entitled to compulsorily acquire the remaining
Infigen Stapled Securities.
If Iberdrola Australia acquires a majority security holding in Infigen but is not entitled to
compulsorily acquire the remaining Infigen Stapled Securities, Infigen Security Holders
who do not accept the Iberdrola Offer will become minority Infigen Security Holders. This
has a number of possible implications, including:
(a)

Iberdrola Australia will be in a position to cast the majority of votes at a general
meeting of IEL or a meeting of unitholders of IET. This will enable it to control
the composition of the Board of Directors of IEL and senior management,
determine Infigen’s distribution policy and control the strategic direction of the
businesses of the Infigen Group;

(b)

the Infigen Stapled Security price may change immediately following the end of
the Offer Period as a change in control of Infigen will have occurred. It is not
known whether the price of Infigen Stapled Securities would be higher or lower
than the Iberdrola Offer Price subsequent to a change in control of Infigen.
However, the fact that a change in control of Infigen has occurred may mean that
any offer from Iberdrola Australia for the remaining Infigen Stapled Securities that
it does not own in the future may not contain a control premium;

(c)

liquidity in trading of Infigen Stapled Securities on the ASX may be lower than at
present;

(d)

Iberdrola Australia has stated in section 5.5 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement
that it intends to cause the Infigen Directors to review whether Infigen should
remain listed on the ASX or be removed from the ASX if the number of Infigen
Security Holders no longer justifies listing on the ASX or the benefits of continuing
to remain listed on the ASX cease to outweigh the costs of listing on the ASX. In
addition, the ability of Infigen to retain listing on the ASX will be subject to ongoing
requirements under the ASX Listing Rules (including there being a sufficient
number and spread of Infigen Security Holders). If Infigen is removed from the
official list of the ASX, Infigen Stapled Securities will not be able to be bought or
sold on the ASX, and will only be able to be bought and sold privately;

(e)

if Iberdrola Australia acquires 75% or more of the Infigen Stapled Securities it will
be able to pass a special resolution of IEL or IET. This will enable Iberdrola
Australia to, among other things, change IEL’s or IET’s constitution and may
enable Iberdrola Australia to delist Infigen from the ASX. Infigen notes that, as
disclosed in section 10.9.2 of this Target’s Statement, Iberdrola Australia has

infigenenergy.com | 35

For personal use only

entered into a Pre-Bid Agreement with the TCI Funds, which together own
33.09% of the Infigen Stapled Securities. Under this agreement, the TCI Funds
have agreed to sell 194,139,613 Infigen Stapled Securities, representing 20% of
Infigen Stapled Securities on issue to Iberdrola Australia no earlier than two
months after the commencement of the Iberdrola Offer, conditional on FIRB
approval being obtained and subject to the Iberdrola Offer becoming
unconditional and upon Iberdrola Australia either having a relevant interest in
more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities (including the TCI Funds’ Infigen
Stapled Securities the subject of the Pre-Bid Agreement) or where the TCI Funds’
acceptance of their Infigen Stapled Securities into the Iberdrola Offer, together
with acceptances submitted into any institutional acceptance facility, would result
in Iberdrola Australia having a Relevant Interest in more than 50% of the Infigen
Stapled Securities. The Pre-Bid Agreement includes termination rights, including
in certain circumstances if a superior offer emerges which is unmatched by
Iberdrola Australia;
(f)

as described in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement, in particular, there is a
risk that the Corporate Facility Lenders do not waive their rights under the change
of control provisions in the Corporate Facility described in section 10.10 of this
Target’s Statement and require early repayment of the Corporate Facility,
exposing minority Infigen Security Holders and Infigen to the risk of Infigen not
being able to refinance or repay the Corporate Facility within the required
timeframe and the interest rates swaps related to the Corporate Facility may be
terminated and substantial break costs may be payable. Iberdrola Australia has
stated that, if the Corporate Facility Lenders call for a review and require
repayment subsequent to the occurrence of a Review Event under the Corporate
Facility, then if it is necessary, it intends to provide an unsecured loan on arm’s
length terms to Infigen to the extent required to refinance the Corporate Facility:
refer to section 3.8 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement; and

(g)

as described in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement, there is also a risk that
an Infigen Group Member may have to repay grant funding received from ARENA
under the ARENA Funding Arrangement and that a counterparty to an ISDA
Master Agreement described in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement will
terminate the outstanding transactions governed by its ISDA Master Agreement,
in which case any unpaid amounts owed under the relevant ISDA Master
Agreement and termination related payments will be payable.

5.9 When you will receive the Offer Consideration
You will not receive the Offer Consideration unless the two Defeating Conditions are waived
or satisfied before the end of the Offer Period.
Subject to the Corporations Act and you providing Iberdrola Australia with any documents
required to be given with your acceptance to enable Iberdrola Australia to become the holder
of your Infigen Stapled Securities (such as a power of attorney), if you accept the Iberdrola
Offer, Iberdrola Australia will pay your Offer Consideration for your Infigen Stapled Securities
to which Iberdrola Australia acquires good title on or before the earlier of:
(a)

one month after you accept the Iberdrola Offer, or one month after the Iberdrola Offer
becomes unconditional (whichever is later); and

(b)

21 days after the end of the Offer Period.

Refer to section 9.9 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement for further details on when you will be
provided with your Offer Consideration by Iberdrola Australia.

infigenenergy.com | 36

For personal use only

6.

Information relating to Infigen and the Infigen Group

6.1

Overview of Infigen

Infigen operates an Australian renewable energy business. Infigen generates and sources
renewable energy, increases the value of intermittent renewables by firming, and provides
customers with clean, reliable and competitively priced energy solutions.
Infigen generates renewable energy from its owned wind farms in New South Wales, South
Australia and Western Australia. Infigen also sources renewable energy from third party
renewable projects under its ‘Capital Lite’ strategy. Infigen increases the value of intermittent
renewables by firming them from its 123 MW Smithfield open cycle gas turbine (OCGT) facility
in Western Sydney, NSW, its 25 MW / 52 MWh battery at Lake Bonney, SA and will do so from
the 120 MW of gas turbines it will be leasing from the South Australian Government
commencing in early FY21.
Infigen sells electricity and Large-Scale Generation Certificates (LGCs) through retail channels
to commercial and industrial (C&I) customers, into the National Electricity Market (NEM) spot
market, wholesale markets and via run of plant power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Infigen’s energy retailing licences are held in the NEM regions of New South Wales (including
the Australian Capital Territory), Queensland, South Australia, and Victoria.
Infigen is a proud and active supporter of the communities in which it operates.

6.2

Renewable energy generation

Infigen generates renewable energy from its fleet of owned wind farms. With a total of 670
MW of nameplate capacity, it is one of the largest renewable energy fleets in Australia.
Infigen also sources renewable energy from third parties where Infigen contracts to purchase
their output under PPAs. This diversifies Infigen’s supply and enables it to serve a growing
customer base.
Owned renewable energy assets
Infigen has a portfolio of seven owned wind farm assets:
(a)

Alinta Wind Farm (also referred to as Walkaway Wind Farm) – 89.1 MW wind farm
located in the central west region of Western Australia, approximately 30 km south east
of Geraldton;

infigenenergy.com | 37

For personal use only

(b)

Bodangora Wind Farm – 113.2 MW wind farm located approximately 15 km east of
Wellington, near Dubbo in New South Wales;

(c)

Capital Wind Farm – 140.7 MW wind farm located approximately 10 km north of
Bungendore in New South Wales;

(d)

Lake Bonney Wind Farms 1, 2 and 3 – total 278.5 MW wind farms located on the
Woakwine Range, near Millicent in South Australia; and

(e)

Woodlawn Wind Farm – 48.3 MW wind farm, located adjacent to the Capital Wind
Farm.

Development assets
Infigen has a portfolio of renewable energy development assets. Notable development assets
include:
(a)

Capital 2 Wind Farm – proposed c. 100 MW wind farm in New South Wales that would
be co-located with the existing Capital and Woodlawn Wind Farms. Development
Approval for the project was granted in 2011;

(b)

Flyers Creek Wind Farm – proposed c. 145 MW wind farm located 20km south west of
Orange in New South Wales. Development Approval for the project was granted in
2014; and

(c)

Woakwine Wind Farm – proposed c. 300 MW wind farm located along the same
ridgeline as Infigen’s Lake Bonney Wind Farms.

Contracted renewable energy assets
Infigen sources renewable energy under the following run of plant PPAs:
(a)

Kiata Wind Farm - 31 MW located 50 km north west of Horsham in Victoria jointly owned
by Windlab, John Laing Infrastructure and the local farming community. Infigen's PPA
is for electricity only and concludes in August 2023;

(b)

Toora Wind Farm - 21 MW located 100 km south west of Melbourne in Victoria owned
by RATCH-Australia. Infigen's PPA is for electricity only and concludes in December
2022;

(c)

Cherry Tree Wind Farm - 57.6 MW located near Seymour in Victoria owned by John
Laing Infrastructure. The wind farm is currently under construction with completion
expected in Winter 2020. Infigen’s PPA is for electricity and LGCs/other green products
and has a term of 15 years from completion of commissioning of the wind farm; and

(d)

Collector Wind Farm – 136 MW of capacity of the 227 MW wind farm located between
the towns of Collector and Gunning in New South Wales owned by RATCH-Australia.
The wind farm is currently under construction with completion expected in 2021.
Infigen’s PPA is for electricity and LGCs/other green products and concludes in
December 2030.

Firming assets
Infigen adds value through firming because renewable energy is inherently intermittent, and
because customers need electricity on demand. Flexible, fast-start assets are needed to
manage intermittency risks.

infigenenergy.com | 38

For personal use only

Infigen’s firming portfolio comprises:
(a)

SA Battery – 25 MW / 52 MWh Battery Energy Storage System co-located with the
Lake Bonney Wind Farms in South Australia. The battery was energised in late 2019;

(b)

Smithfield OCGT – 123 MW gas peaker located in Western Sydney, NSW. Smithfield
OCGT was acquired by Infigen in May 2019; and

(c)

South Australian Gas Turbines – 120 MW of aero-derivative gas turbine equipment to
be leased from the South Australian Government for a period of 25 years. The lease
is expected to commence in early FY21.

6.3

Retailing Strategy

By combining renewable generators with fast start firming assets, Infigen provides customers
with firm supplies of clean energy.

Infigen has successfully entered the C&I retailing market and has acquired a meaningful
customer base in the years it has been operating in this market.
Infigen’s customer base has transitioned from being dominated by utilities customers and
companies in the construction sector, to being diversified across other sectors such as food
and beverages, infrastructure and government, as illustrated in the schematic below.

Note: Data presented as at 21 February 2020. Data represents customer diversification by sector within Infigen’s
C&I channel to market for electricity. The percentages are based on each customer’s contracted volume. Additional
diversification provided via PPA and merchant channels to market.

infigenenergy.com | 39

Smithfield OCGT and the SA Battery have enabled higher levels of electricity contracting,
increasing reliability of revenues and improving quality of earnings. Once the lease of the South
Australian Gas Turbines commences, even greater volumes of C&I contracting will be
possible.

For personal use only

6.4

Director and senior management profiles

As at the date of this Target’s Statement, the Infigen Director and senior management profiles
are as follows:
(a)

Leonard (Len) Gill (Non-Executive Chairman): Len was appointed an Independent
Non-Executive Director of Infigen in June 2017 and subsequently elected Chairman
effective 31 December 2017. Len is also a member of the Nomination & Remuneration
Committee. Len is a professional non-executive director with a 40-plus year career in
the electricity, gas and infrastructure industries. He also provides energy and
management consultancy services. Len is currently a Non-Executive Director of Family
Life, a community support services charity. His previous roles include Chairman of
Alinta Energy, Chairman of Metgasco, Non-Executive Director of Ecogen Energy Pty
Ltd, Non-Executive Director of Ampetus Energy Pty Ltd, Non-Executive Director of
WDS Limited, Non-Executive Director of Verve Energy, Managing Director and CEO of
TXU Australia and Chairman of South East Australian Gas Pty Ltd. Len holds a
Bachelor of Engineering (Civil) from the University of Melbourne and is a Member of
the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

(b)

Philip Green (Non-Executive Director): Philip was appointed a Non-Executive
Director of Infigen in November 2010. Philip is also a member of the Audit, Risk &
Compliance Committee. Philip is a Partner of TCI Advisory Services LLP, an advisor
to TCI Funds, a substantial Infigen Security Holder. Philip joined TCI Advisory Services
LLP in 2007 and his responsibilities include TCI’s global utility, renewable energy and
infrastructure investments. Prior to joining TCI, Philip led European Utilities equity
research at Goldman Sachs, Merrill Lynch and Lehman Brothers over a 12-year period.
Philip is a UK Chartered Accountant (ACA) and has a Bachelor of Science (Hons) in
Geotechnical Engineering.

(c)

Mark Chellew (Non-Executive Director): Mark was appointed an Independent NonExecutive Director of Infigen in September 2017 and subsequently Chairman of the
Nomination & Remuneration Committee effective 31 December 2017. Mark is also a
member of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee. Mark has over 30 years of
experience in the building materials and related industries, including roles such as
Managing Director of Blue Circle Cement in the United Kingdom and senior
management positions within the CSR group of companies in Australia and the United
Kingdom. Mark is the former Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of
Adelaide Brighton Limited, a position he held for over 12 years before his retirement
from the role in May 2014. Mark has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of
Cleanaway Waste Management Limited since March 2013 and became Chairman in
September 2016. Mark is also an Independent Non-Executive Director of Caltex
Australia Limited (appointed April 2018). Mark holds a Bachelor of Science (Ceramic
Engineering), Master of Engineering (Mechanical Engineering) and Graduate Diploma
in Management.

(d)

Emma Stein (Non-Executive Director): Emma was appointed an Independent NonExecutive Director of Infigen in September 2017 and is the Chairman of the Audit, Risk
& Compliance Committee. Emma is also a member of the Nomination & Remuneration
Committee. Emma has significant corporate and operational experience within energy,

infigenenergy.com | 40

For personal use only

fuel and industrial markets, and was previously the UK Managing Director for French
utility Gaz de France’s gas and electricity retailing operations. Prior to this, Emma was
Managing Director of British Fuels - Gas, the first independent company to gain a
domestic retail licence following the deregulation of the UK's energy markets in the
1990’s. Since moving to Australia in 2003, Emma has been an independent NonExecutive Director on the boards of companies in the oil and gas, resources, energy
and energy infrastructure, engineering, waste management and facility management
sectors. Emma currently serves as a Non-Executive Director of Alumina Limited
(appointed February 2011), Cleanaway Waste Management Limited (appointed August
2011) and Adelaide Brighton Limited (appointed October 2019). Emma is a former
Non-Executive Director of Programmed Maintenance Services Limited, Transfield
Services Infrastructure Fund, Clough Limited and the DUET Group. Emma holds
tertiary qualifications in Science and a Master of Business Administration (MBA).
Emma is an Honorary Fellow of the University of Western Sydney and a Fellow of the
Australian Institute of Company Directors.
(e)

Karen Smith-Pomeroy (Non-Executive Director): Karen was appointed an
Independent Non-Executive Director of Infigen in December 2018. Karen is also a
member of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee. Karen is an experienced nonexecutive director, with involvement in the energy, property and financial services
sectors. She has significant experience as a senior executive in the financial services
sector and in excess of 10 years working directly with energy businesses. Karen has
specific expertise in risk and governance, deep expertise in credit risk and specialist
knowledge of a number of industry sectors, including energy and infrastructure. Karen
is currently a non-executive director of Kina Securities Limited, Stanwell Corporation
Limited, and Queensland Treasury Corporation (Capital Markets Board). She is a
former non-executive director of CS Energy Ltd and Tarong Energy Corporation Ltd.
Karen holds accounting qualifications and is a Graduate of the Advanced Risk
Management Course Wharton College, University of Pennsylvania, USA. Karen is also
a Fellow of the Institute of Public Accountants, Fellow of the Financial Services Institute
of Australasia, and a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

(f)

Ross Rolfe AO (Chief Executive Officer / Managing Director): Ross is the Chief
Executive Officer / Managing Director of Infigen. Before his appointment as Chief
Executive Officer / Managing Director in November 2016, Ross was an Independent
Non-Executive Director of Infigen from September 2011. Ross has broad experience
in the Australian energy and infrastructure sectors in senior management, government
and strategic roles. In August 2008 Ross was appointed to the position of Chief
Executive Officer of Alinta Energy. Ross completed a capital restructuring of the
business and stepped down from the CEO and Managing Director role in April 2011.
Prior to that appointment, Ross held the position of Director General of a range of
Queensland Government Departments, including Premier and Cabinet, State
Development, and Environment and Heritage, as well as the position of Co-ordinator
General. Ross was also the Chief Executive Officer of Stanwell Corporation, one of
Queensland’s largest energy generation companies from 2001 until 2005. Ross was
previously Chairman of WDS Limited and CS Energy, and a non-executive director of
CMI Limited and Thiess Pty Ltd. Ross is currently Chairman of the North Queensland
Airport Group.

(g)

Sylvia Wiggins (Executive Director - Finance & Commercial): Sylvia is the
Executive Director - Finance & Commercial. Sylvia provides leadership in ensuring
Infigen creates and preserves security holders value with specific focus on finance,
commercial and compliance as Infigen executes its strategy and operates as an active
energy market participant. Sylvia’s experience in developing, executing and managing
infigenenergy.com | 41

For personal use only

strategic planning, investment, commercial negotiations and capital management in a
number of international investment and advisory firms has been critical in Infigen
transitioning its capital structure to better support the business strategy for growing
customer numbers and volumes at sustainable profit margins and enable it to execute
the capital “lite” strategy. Sylvia has over 20 years’ experience as a legally qualified
chief executive officer, executive and senior investment banker across a broad range
of businesses and countries, including energy, infrastructure, defence and structured
finance areas. Sylvia previously established her own advisory firm and worked for
Alinta Energy and was the inaugural Chief Executive Officer of Global Investments
Limited, which is listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. Sylvia is an external
member of the Department of Defence’s independent assurance review and holds a
Bachelor of Laws and Jurisprudence from UNSW.
(h)

Tony Clark (Executive General Manager - Operations & Projects): Tony is the
Executive General Manager - Operations & Projects and is responsible for the
operation of Infigen's wind farms and delivery of development projects. Tony joined
Infigen in February 2017. Tony has over 20 years’ experience working in the power
sector having acted as an owner-developer with ERM Power and Stanwell Corporation,
as a consultant to owners and financiers with Worley Parsons, and as a contractor with
direct hands-on responsibility for the detailed design and construction of power projects
with ABB Engineering Construction. In addition to Infigen’s generation portfolio, Tony
has been involved in the operations or construction of a number of Australia’s power
stations including Braemar 2, Neerabup, Uranquinty, Collie, Stanwell and Kareeya
power stations. Early in his career, Tony worked as a researcher at the Energy
Research Centre of the Australian National University with a specific focus on the
commercialisation of solar thermal technologies. Tony holds Master degrees in
Commercial Law from Melbourne University, Business Administration from Deakin
University, and Engineering from the Queensland University of Technology.

(i)

Tim Nelson (Executive General Manager - Energy Markets): Tim joined Infigen in
March 2020 as Executive General Manager, Energy Markets. During 2019, Tim was
Executive General Manager, Strategy and Economic Analysis, at the Australian Energy
Market Commission where he established its thought leadership and quantitative
analysis capabilities. Until November 2018, Tim was the Chief Economist of AGL
Energy and led its public policy advocacy and its sustainability strategy including AGL's
revised Greenhouse Gas Policy, climate risk disclosure and the Powering Australian
Renewables Fund (PARF) concept. Tim is a member of the Westpac Stakeholder
Advisory Council and is on the Research Committee for the Centre for Policy
Development. Tim is an Associate Professor at Griffith University and is widely
published in Australian and international peer-reviewed journals. He holds a PhD in
economics for which he earned a Chancellors Doctoral Research Medal and a firstclass honours degree in economics. Tim is a fellow of the Governance Institute of
Australia (FGIA and FCIS) and a graduate of the Australian Institute of Company
Directors (GAICD).

6.5

Recent historical financial information

On 21 February 2020, Infigen released its results for the half year ended 31 December 2019.
Highlights included:


Renewable Energy Generation sold of 1,071 GWh, an increase of 17% vs H1FY19
(‘pcp’).



Net Revenue of $134.3 million, an increase of 13% on pcp.

infigenenergy.com | 42

For personal use only



Contracted Revenue of $116.3 million, an increase of 23% on pcp.



Underlying EBITDA of $98.2 million, an increase of 11% on pcp.



Net Profit After Tax (NPAT) of $26.2 million, an increase of 24% on pcp.



H1FY20 distribution of 1 cent per Infigen Stapled Security.

Highlights of the full-year results for the year ended 30 June 2019 include:


Renewable Energy Generation sold of 1,775GWh, an increase of 20% vs FY18 (‘pcp’).



Net Revenue of $229.3 million, an increase of 9% on pcp.



Contracted Revenue of $182.0 million, an increase of 13% on pcp.



Underlying EBITDA of $165.3 million, an increase of 11% on pcp.



NPAT of $40.9 million, a decrease of 10% on pcp.
impairment to development assets.



H2FY19 distribution of 1 cent per Infigen Stapled Security.

FY19 included a $9.9 million

Infigen’s interim financial report for the half year ended 31 December 2019 and its 2019 annual
report are available at the “Investors’ Section” of Infigen’s website at
https://www.infigenenergy.com/.

6.6

Infigen Equity Plan and Performance Rights

As at the Last Trading Date, Infigen has 6,771,579 Performance Rights on issue that have
been granted under the Infigen Equity Plan.
The Infigen Equity Plan was approved by Infigen Security Holders in 2009 and amended with
the approval of Infigen Security Holders in 2011. It allows the grant of certain awards, including
Performance Rights, to senior management of the Infigen Group.
Under the Infigen Equity Plan, Performance Rights represent future rights to acquire Infigen
Stapled Securities. Each vested Performance Right entitles the participant to receive one
Infigen Stapled Security, or a cash amount equivalent to the market price of an Infigen Stapled
Security, on the vesting date. Performance Rights will vest if certain performance conditions
are met within a specified performance period. Settlement in Infigen Stapled Securities or
cash is determined by the Board of IEL in its absolute discretion.
The Board of IEL has absolute discretion to accelerate the vesting of all or part of any unvested
Performance Rights in certain circumstances described in the Infigen Equity Plan, including if
a takeover bid is made to Infigen Security Holders that the Board of IEL resolves has a
reasonable prospect of success.
Performance Rights may be issued each financial year and vest if certain performance
conditions are met. Each issue of Performance Rights comprises two equal tranches, each
subject to a different performance condition. Vesting of each tranche is contingent on
achieving the relevant performance condition.

infigenenergy.com | 43

6.7

Effect of the Iberdrola Offer on Performance Rights

For personal use only

The Iberdrola Offer does not extend to any Performance Rights. However, the Iberdrola Offer
does extend to Infigen Stapled Securities that are issued during the period from the Record
Date to the end of the Offer Period, in accordance with the terms of (or otherwise in connection
with) the vesting of Performance Rights that are on issue at the Record Date.
As at the Last Trading Date, there are 6,771,579 Performance Rights on issue. Infigen
expects that the number of Performance Rights which may vest during the Offer Period and
be converted into newly issued Infigen Stapled Securities is up to 5,310,749. 12 This includes
all of the FY19 and FY20 Performance Rights which will be accelerated to vest in full where
the Board of IEL resolves that a takeover bid has reasonable prospects of success.
The Board of IEL on recommendation of Infigen’s Nomination & Remuneration Committee,
determined that because of the uncertainty created by the UAC Offer and the Iberdrola Offer
the most appropriate FY21 incentive arrangement for senior management and KMP was a
cash arrangement in lieu of the customary FY21 short term incentive or a grant of FY21
Performance Rights under the long term incentive plan. The cash arrangement will be up to
55% of the short and long term incentive opportunity pool available to the senior management
and KMP received for the financial year ending 30 June 2021. In the event that a change of
control is considered unlikely to proceed as at 31 August 2020 the cash payment will revert to
the usual short and long term incentive arrangement which includes an entitlement to
Performance Rights if determined appropriate by Infigen’s Nomination & Remuneration
Committee given the circumstances at the relevant time. The Executive Directors (Sylvia
Wiggins and Ross Rolfe AO) are entitled to a cash payment consistent with their existing
remuneration arrangements.

6.8

Publicly available information about Infigen

Infigen is a listed disclosing entity for the purposes of the Corporations Act and as such is
subject to regular reporting and disclosure obligations. Specifically, as a listed entity, Infigen
is subject to the ASX Listing Rules which require continuous disclosure of any information
Infigen has concerning it that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on
the price or value of Infigen Stapled Securities, subject to certain exceptions from disclosure
provided under the ASX Listing Rules.
The ASX maintains files containing publicly disclosed information about all listed companies.
Infigen’s file is available for inspection at the ASX during normal business hours. In addition,
Infigen is required to lodge various documents with ASIC, copies of which may be obtained
from, or inspected at, an ASIC office. A substantial amount of information about Infigen is also
available in electronic form at https://www.infigenenergy.com/.

12
672,943 of the Performance Rights will be settled by the transfer of Infigen Stapled Securities held in the Infigen Energy
Employee Incentive Trust, there are 261,586 Performance Rights that can only be cash settled and there are 526,301
Performance Rights that will lapse. The Board of IEL intends to test the FY17 and FY18 Performance Rights in the ordinary
course and any of the Performance Rights in these grants which do not vest will lapse.

infigenenergy.com | 44

For personal use only

7.

Information relating to Iberdrola Australia and the Iberdrola Group

7.1

Disclaimer

The following information about Iberdrola Australia and the Iberdrola Group is based on
publicly available information, including information in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, and
has not been independently verified by Infigen. Infigen does not make any representation or
warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of this information. The
information on Iberdrola Australia and the Iberdrola Group in this Target’s Statement should
not be considered comprehensive. Further information about Iberdrola Australia and the
Iberdrola Group is set out in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Information contained in or otherwise accessible from that website does not form part of this
Target’s Statement. Iberdrola Australia is required to lodge various documents with ASIC.

7.2

Overview of Iberdrola Australia

Iberdrola Australia is a company incorporated in Australia on 5 September 2018. The primary
business activity of Iberdrola Australia is the development of the Port Augusta hybrid wind and
solar plant in South Australia, which will have a total installed capacity of 317 MW.
Iberdrola Australia is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of Iberdrola.
The operation and governance of Iberdrola Australia is subject to Australian law.

7.3

Overview of Iberdrola

Summary of business
Iberdrola is the parent company of the Iberdrola Group, which primarily carries out activities in
the electricity industry in the Kingdom of Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States of
America, Mexico and Brazil and has a significant presence in France, Italy, Portugal and
Greece (amongst others). With the scope and under the conditions established in applicable
regulations in each jurisdiction, the activities carried out in such industries can be classified
into regulated activities and liberalised activities.
Iberdrola is a listed Spanish corporation (sociedad anónima) which was incorporated in the
Kingdom of Spain for an indefinite period on 19 July 1901. Its present name was adopted at
the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 1 November 1992, following the merger of
“Iberduero, S.A.” and “Hidroeléctrica Española, S.A.”.
With over 170 years of history, Iberdrola currently heads one of the world’s leading private
electricity groups in terms of market capitalisation and the number of customers it serves, and
is the number one producer of wind power.
The Iberdrola Group also has an existing presence in the Australian energy market, via its Port
Augusta Project in South Australia, which will be a hybrid wind and solar plant with a total
installed capacity of 317 MW. The Port Augusta Project is not expected to be fully operational
until 2021. In addition, the Iberdrola Group also has 300 MW+ of wind and solar pipeline assets
that it intends to develop in South Australia and Queensland, which would create a combined
renewable energy portfolio for the Iberdrola Group in Australia of approximately 650 MW
(excluding Infigen’s projects).

infigenenergy.com | 45

For personal use only

As at 31 March 2020, the Iberdrola Group had global net assets of €47.17 billion ($77.135
billion) 13 and for the year ended 31 March 2020 had revenue of €9.426 billion ($15.414 billion) 14
and net profit of €1,257 million ($2.056 billion). 15
Iberdrola shares are admitted to listing on the Bilbao, Barcelona, Madrid and Valencia stock
exchanges (Spanish Stock Exchanges) and traded through the Spanish Automated
Quotation System (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil Español) or Continuous Market
(Mercado Continuo), within the energy sector, electricity sub-sector, and are included in the
Spanish Stock Exchanges’ reference index IBEX-35. In addition, on 23 June 2003, Iberdrola’s
shares were included in the FTSE EuroStoxx 100 index and, on 1 September 2003, in the
EuroStoxx 50 index. Iberdrola is also listed in New York, USA, through a Level 1 American
Depositary Receipts (ADR) programme traded on an over-the-counter (OTC) basis.
As at 23 June 2020 (being the last trading day prior to the date of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement) the market capitalisation of Iberdrola was €65.76 billion ($107.54 billion) 16.
Directors
Iberdrola
As at the date of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, the directors of Iberdrola are:
Name

Title

Type of Director(6)

Mr. José Ignacio Sanchez Galán1

Chairman and Chief Executive
Executive
Officer

Mr. Juan Manuel González Serna1,4 Vice-chair and Lead Director

External Independent

Mr. Iñigo Víctor de Oriol Ibarra3,5

Member

Other external

Ms. Samantha Barber1,5

Member

External Independent

Ms. María Helena Antolín Raybaud3 Member

External Independent

Ms. Georgina Kessel Martínez2

Member

External Independent

Mr. José W. Fernández2

Member

External Independent

Mr. Manuel Moreu Munaiz1,4

Member

External Independent

Mr. Xabier Sagredo Ormaza2

Member

External independent

Mr. Francisco Martínez Córcoles

Business CEO

Executive

Mr. Anthony L. Gardner3

Member

External Independent

Ms. Sara de la Rica Goiricelaya5

Member

External Independent

Ms. Nicola Mary Brewer5

Member

External Independent

Ms. Regina Helena Jorge Nunes2

Member

External Independent

Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close price on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close price on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
15
Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close price on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
16
Conversion based on an AUD/EUR exchange rate of 1.6353, being the last close price on Bloomberg on 19 June 2020.
13
14

infigenenergy.com | 46

For personal use only

Notes:
(1)
Member of the Executive Committee.
(2)
Member of the Audit and Risk Supervision Committee.
(3)
Member of the Appointments Committee.
(4)
Member of the Remuneration Committee.
(5)
Member of the Sustainable Development Committee.
(6)
As defined under the Spanish Capital Companies Law.
The secretary of Iberdrola’s board of directors is Mr. Julián Martínez-Simancas Sánchez, the
First Deputy Secretary is Mr. Santiago Martínez Garrido and the Second Deputy Secretary is
Ms. Ainara de Elejoste Echebarria.
Iberdrola Australia
As at the date of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, the directors of Iberdrola Australia are:
Name

Position

Mr César Calvo Hernáez

Director

Mr Fernando Santamaría Mosquera

Director

Registered office and principal place of business
The registered office and principal place of business of Iberdrola is at 5 Plaza Euskadi, 48009
Bilbao (Biscay), Spain.
Structure and ownership of the Iberdrola Group
Structure
Below is a corporate structure diagram of the principal subsidiaries of the Iberdrola Group as
at the date of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 47

For personal use only

infigenenergy.com | 48

Ownership

For personal use only

As at 31 May 2020, Iberdrola had approximately 530,000 shareholders globally, comprising
68.9% foreign (i.e. non-Spanish) investors, 9% domestic (Spanish) institutional investors, and
22.1% domestic (Spanish) individual investors.
As at 31 May 2020, the significant shareholders holding more than 3% of Iberdrola’s share
capital were as follows:
−

“Qatar Investment Authority”, holding an 8.69% of indirect interest through “Qatar
Holding Luxembourg II, SARL”;

−

“Blackrock Inc. of New York, USA” holding a total 5.16% of interest (5.10% of indirect
voting rights + 0.06 % of voting rights to be acquired in case of exercise); and

−

“Norges Bank”, with a direct interest of 3.43%.

Principal activities of Iberdrola and the Iberdrola Group
The Iberdrola Group is split into five strategic divisions which are described and set out below:

Division

Description

% of Iberdrola Group’s EBITDA for
year ended
31 December
2019

31 December
2018

Network

Energy and distribution activities and
any other regulated activity originated
in Spain, the United Kingdom, the
United States and Brazil

52.10 %

52.6 %

Generation
and supply

Electricity generation and sales
businesses carried on by the Group in
Spain, the United Kingdom, the United
States, Mexico and IEI (Iberdrola
Energía Internacional)

24.40 %

21.8 %

Renewables

Activities relating to renewable
energies in Spain, the United
Kingdom, the United States, Mexico,
Brazil and IEI

23.60 %

26.1 %

Other

Non-energy businesses

0.30 %

0.3 %

Corporation

Administration and discontinued
activities

-0.40 %

-0.8 %

infigenenergy.com | 49

General
As at 31 December 2019, the Iberdrola Group’s installed capacity was 52,082 MW.
A breakdown of the Iberdrola Group’s installed capacity by technology (see. Figure 6) and by
country (see. Figure 7) is set out in the following tables:

For personal use only

Figure 6: Iberdrola Group’s installed capacity by technology

Business

31 Dec 2019
Renewables

Variance

Installed capacity
(MW)
31 Dec 2018

(2019 vs. 2018)
MW

%

32,041

29,301

2,740

9,4%

Onshore

16,890

15,672

1,218

7.8%

Offshore

964

544

420

77.2%

12,864

12,252

612

5.0%

306

303

3

1.0%

1,018

529

489

92.4%

Nuclear

3,177

3,177

–

0.0%

Gas combined cycle

14,654

12,007

2,647

22.0%

Cogeneration

1,335

1,335

–

0.0%

Coal

874

874

–

0.0%

Total

52,082

46,694

5,388

11.5%

Hydro
Mini – Hydro
Solar and others

Note: Sourced from Iberdrola’s integrated report 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 50

Figure 7: Iberdrola Group’s installed capacity by country

For personal use only

Installed capacity (MW)

Var. 2019
vs. 2018

2019

2018

Spain

26,624

25,887

737

United Kingdom

2,520

2,100

420

United States

8,361

7,586

775

Mexico

9,532

6,691

2,841

Brazil

4,079

3,467

612

965

961

4

52,082

46,694

5,388

IEI (Iberdrola Energía Internacional)
Total

Note: Sourced from Iberdrola’s integrated report 2020.

Electricity generation during the year ended 31 December 2019 was 233,502 GWh, being
net production of 151,714 GWh. The breakdown of the Iberdrola Group’s net generation by
country for the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2019 is shown in the following table:
Figure 8: Iberdrola Group’s net generation by country for the years ended 31
December 2018 and 2019, respectively
Net Production (GWh)

2019

2018

Spain

58,560

57,709

1.5%

United Kingdom

4,640

10,729

-56.8%

United States

20,960

19,983

4.9%

Mexico

50,882

41,351

23.0%

Brazil

14,007

13,652

2.6%

IEI (Iberdrola Energía Internacional)

2,665

2,180

22.2%

151,714

145,604

4.2%

Total

% Var. 2019-2018

Note: Sourced from Iberdrola’s integrated report 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 51

A breakdown of the Iberdrola Group’s generation by technology for the years ended 31
December 2018 and 2019, respectively, is set out in the following table:

For personal use only

Figure 9: Iberdrola Group’s net owned generation by technology for the years ended
31 December 2018 and 2019, respectively
Net Production (GWh)

2019

2018

% Var. 2019-2018

Renewables

59,301

61,754

-4.0%

Onshore

37,442

36,605

2.3%

Offshore

2,211

1,642

34.7%

Hydro

17,941

22,415

-20.0%

618

670

-7.8%

1,088

421

158.4%

Nuclear

23,737

23,535

0.9%

Gas combined cycle

59,431

50,659

17.3%

Cogeneration

8,897

8,020

10.9%

Coal

349

1,637

-78.7%

Total

151,714

145,604

4.2%

Mini – Hydro
Solar and others

Iberdrola’s operations in Australia
Iberdrola considers the Australian energy market to have a significant potential for renewable
energy projects, most notably in respect of wind, solar, hybrid and storage solutions, and has
determined that Australia should be a key a growth market for the expansion of its global
energy business.
Accordingly, the Iberdrola Group already has an existing presence in the Australian energy
market, via its Port Augusta Project in South Australia, which will be a hybrid wind and solar
plant with a total installed capacity of 317 MW. The Port Augusta Project is not expected to be
fully operational until 2021. In addition, the Iberdrola Group also has 300 MW+ of wind and
solar pipeline assets that it intends to develop in South Australia and Queensland, which would
create a combined renewable energy portfolio for the Iberdrola Group in Australia of
approximately 650 MW (excluding Infigen’s projects).

7.4

Publicly available information

The CNMV website lists all of the announcements issued by Iberdrola with CNMV. These
documents are available in electronic form at www.cnmv.es.

7.5

Iberdrola Australia’s interest in Infigen

As at the Last Trading Date, Iberdrola Australia:



has voting power of 20% in Infigen Stapled Securities; and
has a Relevant Interest in 194,139,613 Infigen Stapled Securities.

Iberdrola Australia acquired its voting power and Relevant Interest in Infigen Stapled Securities
through the Pre-Bid Agreement with the TCI Funds, which is summarised in section 10.9.2 of
this Target’s Statement and section 8.2 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement. A copy of the PreBid Agreement was released on the ASX Market Announcements Platform as Annexure B to
infigenenergy.com | 52

the ‘Form 603 - Notice of initial substantial holder’ lodged by Iberdrola Australia on 17 June
2020.

For personal use only

7.6

Iberdrola Australia’s intentions

Iberdrola Australia’s intentions in relation to the continuation of or changes to the Infigen
Group’s business, (including any redeployment of the fixed assets of Infigen), changes to the
Board and the future employment of present employees of Infigen are set out in section 6 of
the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 53

For personal use only

8.

Risk factors

8.1

Overview

There are various risks associated with either accepting or not accepting the Iberdrola Offer
and continuing to hold Infigen Stapled Securities. Infigen’s current and future business, assets
and operations may be subject to risk factors which are specific to its business, assets and
operations or of a general nature. Many risks are outside the control or influence of Infigen.
Management implements risk management strategies, but not all risks can be identified or fully
mitigated. If a risk were to materialise and not be fully mitigated, it could adversely affect
Infigen’s revenues, adversely affect its future financial performance and reputation and
adversely affect the market price and market for Infigen Stapled Securities.
The risks summarised below are not exhaustive and do not take into account the personal
circumstances of Infigen Security Holders. Additional risks and uncertainties that Infigen is
unaware of, or that it currently considers to be immaterial, may also become important factors
that adversely affect Infigen’s operating and financial performance. It is also important to note
that there can be no guarantee that Infigen will achieve its stated objectives or that any forwardlooking statements or forecasts will be realised. Prior to deciding whether to accept or not
accept the Iberdrola Offer, Infigen Security Holders should read this Target’s Statement in its
entirety to gain an appreciation of Infigen, its activities, operations, financial position and
prospects, including the risks set out in this section 8, and should seek professional advice if
they have any doubt about the risks associated with accepting or not accepting the Iberdrola
Offer, having regard to their investment objectives and financial circumstances.

8.2

Risks associated with accepting the Iberdrola Offer

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders ACCEPT the
Iberdrola Offer, in the absence of a Superior Proposal. There are risks associated with
accepting the Iberdrola Offer, including those described in this section 8.2.
(a)

Inability to obtain the benefits of a superior proposal

The Infigen Directors unanimously recommend that Infigen Security Holders accept the
Iberdrola Offer and each Infigen Director intends to accept the Iberdrola Offer, or procure
acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer, in respect of all Infigen Stapled Securities they own or
control, or otherwise have a Relevant Interest in, in each case, in the absence of a Superior
Proposal.
However, by accepting the Iberdrola Offer, you will not be able to accept a superior proposal
that may be made by a competing bidder, unless you become entitled to withdraw your
acceptance (see section 5.6 of this Target’s Statement for further information about the limited
circumstances in which you are entitled to withdraw your acceptance of the Iberdrola Offer).
As such, you may not be able to obtain any potential benefit associated with a superior
proposal from a competing bidder that emerges.
(b)

Taxation consequences of accepting the Iberdrola Offer

The taxation consequences of disposing of your Infigen Stapled Securities pursuant to the
Iberdrola Offer depend on a number of factors and your particular circumstances. A general
outline of certain Australian tax considerations of such a disposal is set out in section 9 of this
Target’s Statement. You should seek your own specific professional tax advice as to the
taxation implications applicable to your circumstances.

infigenenergy.com | 54

8.3 Risks associated with not accepting the Iberdrola Offer and continuing
as an Infigen Security Holder

For personal use only

(a)

Risks associated with Iberdrola Australia obtaining a significant security holding in Infigen
The Iberdrola Offer is subject to the Minimum Acceptance Condition. Iberdrola Australia
is able to waive this Defeating Condition.
Iberdrola Australia may obtain a position of significant influence and potentially control
of Infigen and its operations with the capacity to influence those operations but not be in
a position where it would be entitled to compulsorily acquire the Infigen Stapled
Securities that it does not hold (i.e. a 90% threshold).
Iberdrola Australia’s intentions in relation to Infigen in various scenarios where Iberdrola
acquires different levels of Relevant Interests in Infigen Stapled Securities are set out in
section 5 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Depending on the volume of acceptances into the Iberdrola Offer, the implications on the
remaining Infigen Security Holders who do not accept the Iberdrola Offer may include
the following:
(i)

depending on the size of Iberdrola Australia’s Relevant Interest in Infigen Stapled
Securities, it may be less likely that another party will seek to acquire all of the
Infigen Stapled Securities in the future;

(ii)

as described in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement, if Iberdrola Australia
acquires control of Infigen:
 Infigen’s Corporate Facility Lenders have the right, after an agreed process,
to require early repayment of the Corporate Facility which may also trigger
break rights in respect of the related interest rates swaps and associated
break costs;
 ARENA has the right to require repayment of the $5 million grant made under
the ARENA Funding Arrangement in respect of the SA Battery under certain
conditions; and
 the counterparties to the ISDA Master Agreements may have rights arising
under standard “credit event upon merger” provisions.
Iberdrola Australia has stated in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement at section 3.8
that, if the Corporate Facility Lenders call for a review and require repayment,
then if it is necessary, it intends to provide an unsecured loan on arm’s length
terms to Infigen to the extent required to refinance the Corporate Facility;

(iii)

Iberdrola Australia may be in a position, either alone or together with other Infigen
Security Holders, to materially influence the appointment of the Infigen Directors
and senior management of Infigen. This, in turn, may enable Iberdrola Australia
(either alone or together with other Infigen Security Holders) to determine
Infigen’s distribution policy and capital structure and to control the strategic
direction of the Infigen Group. However, Infigen’s obligations to procure change
to the Board to appoint a majority of Iberdrola Australia’s nominees are subject
to there being at least two independent members of the Board who are not
nominees of Iberdrola Australia, until Iberdrola Australia acquires all of the Infigen
Stapled Securities;

infigenenergy.com | 55

For personal use only

(iv)

the liquidity in trading of Infigen Stapled Securities on the ASX may be lower than
at present;

(v)

Iberdrola Australia has stated in section 5.5 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement
that it intends to cause the Infigen Directors to review whether Infigen should
remain listed on the ASX or be removed from the ASX if the number of Infigen
Security Holders no longer justifies listing on the ASX or the benefits of continuing
to remain listed on the ASX cease to outweigh the costs of listing on the ASX. In
addition, the ability of Infigen to retain listing on the ASX will be subject to ongoing
requirements under the ASX Listing Rules (including there being a sufficient
number and spread of Infigen Security Holders). If Infigen is removed from the
official list of ASX, Infigen Stapled Securities will not be able to be bought or sold
on the ASX, and will only be able to be bought and sold privately; and

(vi)

if Iberdrola Australia acquires 75% or more of the Infigen Stapled Securities it will
be able to pass a special resolution of IEL or IET. This will enable Iberdrola
Australia to, among other things, change IEL’s or IET’s constitution and may
enable Iberdrola Australia to delist Infigen from the ASX. Infigen notes that, as
disclosed in section 10.9.2 of this Target’s Statement, Iberdrola Australia has
entered into a Pre-Bid Agreement with the TCI Funds, which together own
33.09% of the Infigen Stapled Securities on issue. Under this agreement, the
TCI Funds have agreed to sell 194,139,613 Infigen Stapled Securities,
representing 20% of Infigen Stapled Securities on issue to Iberdrola Australia no
earlier than two months after the commencement of the Iberdrola Offer,
conditional on FIRB approval being obtained and subject to the Iberdrola Offer
becoming unconditional and upon Iberdrola Australia either having a relevant
interest in more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities (including the TCI
Funds’ Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of the Pre-Bid Agreement) or where
the TCI Funds’ acceptance of their Infigen Stapled Securities into the Iberdrola
Offer, together with acceptances submitted into any institutional acceptance
facility, would result in Iberdrola Australia having a Relevant Interest in more than
50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities.

Some additional risks associated with, and implications of, Iberdrola Australia acquiring
a majority security holding in Infigen in circumstances where it is not entitled to
compulsorily acquire the remaining Infigen Stapled Securities are described in section
5.8 of this Target’s Statement.
(b)

Risks associated with accepting the UAC Offer
If UAC acquires 50% or more of all Infigen Stapled Securities under the UAC Offer, this
will result in the Minimum Acceptance Condition not being satisfied. In these
circumstances, if the Minimum Acceptance Condition is not waived by Iberdrola
Australia, the Iberdrola Offer will lapse, and all acceptances of the Iberdrola Offer will be
void and have no effect.
Further risks associated with the UAC Offer are outlined in section 7 of the UAC Offer
Target’s Statement and in the UAC Offer First Supplementary Target’s Statement.

(c)

Risk associated with continuing as an Infigen Security Holder
The combined forces of lower domestic economic activity and lower global energy prices
have contributed to a substantial step down in forward prices for wholesale electricity.
Although Infigen’s contracting strategy for electricity and LGCs moderates the impact of
these factors, Infigen currently has a lower level of contracting on a percentage basis of
electricity for sale in FY21 than it has had through FY20. This is due to the addition of
infigenenergy.com | 56

For personal use only

new volumes of renewable generation from contracted renewable energy assets under
contracts signed in FY20. The contracting that is in place for FY21 is also at an average
lower price for electricity and LGCs than in FY20. In addition, in the current market
conditions, as disclosed by Infigen in its Third Quarter Activity report for FY20 released
to the ASX on 1 May 2020, Infigen expects merchant revenues to be low in FY21.
Continuing as an Infigen Security Holder will result in an exposure to these economic
and financial risks.

8.4

General risks of holding Infigen Stapled Securities

8.4.1

GENERAL RISKS

An investment in Infigen has risk attached to it. No Infigen Group Member, officer or member
of management of an Infigen Group Member (including, but not limited to the Infigen Directors),
related party of an Infigen Group Member, nor any party involved in the preparation of this
Target’s Statement is able to guarantee that any specific objectives of Infigen or any particular
performance of Infigen or Infigen Stapled Securities will be achieved.
The summary of risks below is not exhaustive, does not purport to list every potential risk
associated with an investment in Infigen or Infigen Stapled Securities, and it does not take
account of the personal circumstances of any Infigen Security Holder.
Sovereign and energy policy risks
Investors in the Australian energy market are reliant upon stable policy settings by state and
federal governments. Infigen’s business performance may be directly impacted by changes in
the design and rules of the existing energy market and the uncertainty that arises from debate
in relation to the energy market’s future regulatory design and rules. These changes may result
from orderly rules change processes (such as via the Australian Energy Market Commission)
or in response to the political imperatives of the government or agencies of government from
time to time. Devices available to state and federal governments that could impact on market
structure and operations include legislative or regulatory action and specific budgetary or direct
investment initiatives. These actual or proposed changes may drive increases in Infigen’s costs
or reduce its revenue via the:
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

resultant under or overinvestment in generation in the market;
availability and price of gas for use in generation;
creation of barriers to entry that impact future investment or expansion into markets;
creation of obligations on the operation of the plant and/or engagement of customers for
existing generators and retailers;
dilution of the value or volume of created LGCs;
response to uncertainty, a reduction of liquidity and subsequently price in the electricity
and LGC markets; and
changing of the relative competitive dynamic amongst energy market sector participants;
and
government intervention in the market which has the effect of interfering with the market
and/or unintended consequences.

Infigen’s business may be affected by the policy positions taken by government and regulators,
including their preparedness to disregard ‘competitive neutrality’ as a fundamental operating
principle underpinning the energy markets. Changes or perceptions of likely change to energy

infigenenergy.com | 57

market policy settings may affect the LGC price, the price for low emissions generation / green
products and/or the electricity price that Infigen derives from its production.

For personal use only

Investment in equity capital
There are general risks associated with investments in equity capital in Australia. The trading
price of Infigen Stapled Securities may change by reference to matters specific to Infigen or
more broadly in accordance with movements in the Australian or international equity capital
markets and may trade at more or less than the Offer Consideration. Generally applicable
factors which may affect the market price for securities include:
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

general movements in the Australian and international equity capital markets and stock
markets, and the increasing volatility of these markets in light of the uncertainty surrounding
the outcomes and impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic;
investor sentiment;
Australian and international economic conditions and outlook;
changes in interest rates and the rate of inflation;
changes in government regulation and policy;
announcements in relation to new technologies;
geo-political instability, including international hostilities and acts of terrorism;
analysts’ reports;
whether there is an active market for Infigen Stapled Securities; and
global coal prices.

Distributions
The payment of distributions by Infigen is at the discretion of the Infigen Directors and is
dependent on a range of factors, including free cash flow, with the balance being made
between payment and growth and/or deleveraging. Any future distributions will be determined
by the Infigen Directors, having regard to Infigen’s financial position and economic and market
conditions at the relevant time. There are no guarantees that distributions will be paid or paid
at any particular level or with any particular regularity.
Economic factors
The operating and financial performance of Infigen is influenced by a variety of general
economic and business conditions, including levels of consumer spending, fuel (including oil,
gas and coal) prices, inflation, interest rates and exchange rates, supply and demand,
industrial disruption, access to debt and equity capital markets and government fiscal,
monetary and regulatory policies. Changes in general economic conditions may result from
many factors, including government policy, international economic conditions, pandemics,
significant acts of terrorism, hostilities, war or natural disasters. A prolonged deterioration in
general economic conditions, including an increase in interest rates or a decrease in consumer
and business demand, could be expected to have an adverse impact on Infigen’s operating
and financial performance and financial position. Infigen's future possible revenues and
security price can be affected by these factors, which are beyond the control of Infigen.
War and terrorist attacks risk
War or terrorist attacks anywhere in the world could result in a decline in economic conditions
worldwide or in a particular region. There could also be a consequential effect on Infigen’s
financial performance.

infigenenergy.com | 58

8.4.2

VOLUME RISKS

For personal use only

Wind and solar resource
Variation in wind and solar resource will result in changes to Infigen’s electricity production
level (quantum) and generation profile (time). Fluctuations in wind and solar resources occur
on a short-term basis (daily, monthly and seasonal variations) and on a long-term basis (yearly
or multiple years). These changes could adversely affect Infigen’s revenue and future financial
performance.
Availability of operating assets
There is a risk that Infigen’s assets may suffer from equipment or key component failure
resulting in sustained unplanned outages or significant damage. Failure of Infigen’s assets to
operate as intended for any reason, failure of a third party to perform as expected or financial
failure of a material supplier could materially adversely affect the ability of Infigen to conduct
its business or the production and sale of energy or LGCs. This could adversely affect Infigen’s
revenue, future financial performance and reputation.
Network access
Infigen’s production and sale of electricity is reliant on access to third party infrastructure, in
particular, electricity transmission and distribution infrastructure. The NEM is an ‘open-access’
regulatory regime. An inability to have access to these assets for any reason, including damage
to third party network infrastructure, network constraints, changes to network access or
construction of new generation could restrict the ability of Infigen assets to export energy at
full potential. This could adversely affect Infigen’s revenue and future financial performance.
8.4.3

COMMODITY PRICE RISKS

Electricity price
Infigen produces electricity which it sells under various commercial terms and arrangements.
The price of electricity can be volatile as it is primarily driven by supply and demand factors.
These include:
•
•

•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

weather influencing demand and generation availability (in the short term);
operational shut-downs and closures (planned and unplanned), which may be impacted
by, among other things, ongoing travel restrictions and/or supply chain issues arising due
to the COVID-19 pandemic;
operational closures across energy intensive industries;
economic conditions affecting demand;
consumer perception of energy affordability;
technological advancement;
use of distributed electricity generation such as solar PV systems and installation of storage
systems;
mandatory energy efficiency schemes;
competitive behaviours of retailers and generators;
the tenor and expiry of contracts for fuel and sale of electricity;
network constraints;
actions of the market operator, interpretation of rules by the market operator and changes
to those rules; and

infigenenergy.com | 59

•

actions of the regulator, including regulatory changes that impact market design and
operation.

For personal use only

Movements in electricity price that are not mitigated through effective contracting and hedging,
could adversely affect Infigen’s revenue and future financial performance.
Ineffective electricity hedging
Infigen seeks to manage revenue risk associated with variable price and variable production
through hedging. When hedging instruments are utilised and where variable production is not
sufficient to meet committed quantities, high dollar value exposures may arise. These could
adversely affect Infigen’s revenue and future financial performance.
LGC pricing
Infigen creates LGCs from its generation. The price of LGCs is predominantly determined on
short term and long-term supply and demand but may be also impacted by the actions of
market participants.
As the supply of LGCs increases with new renewable generation entering the market and
absent new policies or voluntary initiatives that drive additional demand for LGCs, the price is
expected to be lower as supply outstrips demand which is fixed by current legislation at 33
million LGCs each year to 2030.
Loss factors
Electricity is lost in the delivery of electricity from the generator to the consumer. Losses occur
on the high voltage transmission network (known as marginal losses (MLFs)) and the local
distribution networks. MLFs are calculated by the market operator and fixed annually.
Variations in the loss factor applicable to Infigen's assets could adversely affect revenue and
future financial performance.
Demand for electricity and LGCs
The price of electricity and LGCs that Infigen sells is dependent on customers’ demand (and
in the case of electricity retailers, their customers’ demand). Reductions in energy demand
from price changes, weather, technological advances, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
and other factors, may reduce Infigen’s revenues and adversely affect Infigen’s future financial
performance.
8.4.4

OPERATIONAL RISKS

Health, safety and environment
Infigen currently owns and/or operates assets in Western Australia, South Australia, Victoria
and New South Wales. Infigen is pursuing a number of development opportunities throughout
Australia. These activities involve high risk work performed in remote locations, at heights, with
high voltage electricity generation and transmission equipment, in confined spaces, utilising
industrial compounds and lubricants and involving travel to and from our sites. Our assets are
predominantly in rural and regional Australia. The development and operation of our assets
may adversely affect the environment. Incidents that give rise to personal injury, loss of life,
damage to property and environment, disruption to services, and economic loss can adversely
impact Infigen, including its reputation, revenue and future financial performance.
Changing climate and weather patterns may affect our operating assets and business
performance.

infigenenergy.com | 60

For personal use only

Operating costs
Infigen’s owned wind farms are currently serviced and maintained by operation and
maintenance (O&M) contractors. The nature of these contracts means that operating costs
are mostly known and do not vary widely. However, once these contracts expire, wind farm
operating costs will become harder to predict and it is possible that operating costs will be
more than expected. In addition, Infigen’s gas fired firming assets, comprising the Smithfield
OCGTs and the South Australian gas turbines (when leased) are not covered by
comprehensive O&M contracts and there is a risk that operating costs for these assets may
increase.
Community (social)
Infigen’s assets predominantly exist on rural lease holdings and the relationship with
landholders and the local community in which it operates is important to business success.
Failure to engage satisfactorily with these stakeholders or the occurrence of an incident that
adversely affects any of these stakeholders could adversely affect Infigen’s capacity to operate
effectively within the area and jeopardise future development projects.
Public and community attitudes towards wind farms and other renewable energy projects,
including their visual, acoustic and environmental effect, may also change over time.
These changes, and any consequential changes to government policy and the regulatory
environment, may be positive or negative for Infigen.
Asset life
Infigen’s owned wind farms have a limited useful life. Any reduction in asset life relative to
expectations may result in a reduction in the amount of revenue Infigen’s assets will generate
in their lifetimes.
Technology
The development of new technologies creates a potential for market disruptions and economic
impacts, which may adversely affect the commercial performance of Infigen’s existing assets,
the Infigen business or the viability of proposed projects, which in turn may alter market
sentiment towards Infigen Stapled Securities.
Information technology
Infigen is reliant on its information systems and technology (IT) to support its operations. This
exposes Infigen to a number of IT operational risks including system corruption or failure,
technology breakdown and cyber-attacks.
An IT system incident could lead to disruption of critical business processes, theft of
commercially sensitive information, loss of cash or other assets or a breach of privacy. If these
matters occurred it could adversely affect Infigen’s revenue, future financial performance
and/or reputation.
People and culture
There is a limited availability of suitably qualified people with the energy market expertise
required to operate Infigen’s business and deliver on its growth strategy. The Managing
Director and a number of other key personnel are important to attaining the business goals of
Infigen. Infigen may be reliant on small groups of individuals with specialist knowledge to
operate and maintain assets and to develop its development projects. The ability to attract and
retain such suitably qualified staff may limit or delay Infigen’s ability to undertake its activities
efficiently and effectively.

infigenenergy.com | 61

For personal use only

Insurance
Infigen maintains insurance coverage limiting financial loss resulting from certain, but not all,
operational and extraordinary events. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured or
underinsured events could reduce Infigen’s revenues or increase costs and adversely affect
Infigen’s revenues, future financial performance and reputation. No assurance can be given
that Infigen will be able to obtain such insurance coverage in the future at reasonable rates or
that any coverage it arranges will be adequate and available to cover claims.
Competition
Infigen competes with many energy businesses in Australia. Some of these businesses have
greater financial and other resources than Infigen and, as a result, may be in a better position
to compete for future business opportunities. There can be no assurance that Infigen can
compete effectively with these companies.
8.4.5

PROJECT DELIVERY AND ECONOMICS RISKS

Project returns
The expected economics of any project are based upon a number of interrelated assumptions
including capital and operating costs, long-term energy and capital markets assumptions. Our
operating assets may fail to perform as expected. There is a risk that these assumptions are
not realised which could impact the actual return achieved from investing in a project.
Project approval
Infigen’s capacity to develop new generation is dependent on capital being available and
receipt of all necessary permitting, authorisations, and approvals and the successful
negotiation of all necessary construction and engineering contracts, connection and access
contracts and land use contracts. Failure to achieve or delay in receipt of approvals will affect
Infigen’s delivery of its growth strategy.
Project delivery
There is a risk that project delivery may not proceed as planned. This could be the result of
matters within or outside the control of Infigen resulting in the project costing more or not
proceeding as planned, including delayed completion, commissioning or failure to perform to
technical specifications. This could affect Infigen’s revenues and adversely affect Infigen’s
future financial performance.
Supply chain
Infigen’s business relies upon a compliant and ethical supply chain to operate sustainably.
There is a risk that goods or services may not be delivered or supplied to contracted price,
time or quality specifications, or health, safety and environmental requirements. Inadequate
supply chain performance may adversely affect Infigen’s future financial performance.
Project costs
An increasing focus on system security and access by the market operator and other regulators
may increase the costs associated with the development of Infigen’s development pipeline or
increase the costs of third-party developers’ assets from which Infigen wishes to source
generation capacity. Increased costs of production could adversely affect Infigen’s revenues
and adversely affects Infigen’s future financial performance.

infigenenergy.com | 62

8.4.6

LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL MARKETS AND CREDIT RISKS

Access to capital

For personal use only

Infigen relies on access to debt and equity capital to operate its business and execute its
business strategy. If financing is not available or the cost of financing significantly increases,
then Infigen’s operations and/or future financial performance may be adversely affected.
Liquidity
Infigen requires adequate reserves and banking facilities to conduct its business generally and
in the energy markets in particular. Failure to obtain or maintain sufficient liquidity could
negatively impact Infigen’s operations and/or future financial performance.
Debt facilities
Infigen has two secured debt facilities, each of which include covenants (including financial
covenants). A breach of these covenants, unless remedied within any allowable grace period,
would provide the lenders with rights to take action under the facilities including the right to
accelerate repayment of the debt if an event of default occurs.
Refinancing
Infigen’s Corporate Facility will require refinancing upon maturity (April 2023). There is no
certainty as to the terms and conditions upon which any refinancing may occur with terms
affected by Infigen’s business performance and factors outside the control of Infigen.
There is a risk that Infigen may not be able to obtain debt facilities of the same quantum or
pricing as the Corporate Facility, or that it may need to pursue an equity raising, which may
have the effect of diluting Infigen Security Holders.
Interest rate risk
Infigen’s Corporate Facility and Bodangora Facility related interest rate risk has largely, but not
wholly, been hedged into fixed rates to reduce exposure to floating rates. Accordingly, Infigen
has some exposure to floating rates and also exposure to break costs if the Corporate Facility
was repaid prior to its April 2023 maturity date, including if the Corporate Facility Lenders
exercised their rights to require repayment upon a change in control of Infigen or the
Bodangora Facility was repaid early.
Counterparty credit
Infigen has credit exposure to contract counterparties and expects to continue to have such
exposure to existing and new counterparties. Failure of these parties to fulfil their obligations
as and when due, or in full, could reduce Infigen’s revenues and adversely affect Infigen’s
future financial performance.
Infigen’s credit
Infigen’s counterparties sometimes seek credit support from Infigen. If Infigen was not able to
provide that credit support this may adversely affect Infigen’s ability to continue to contract with
such parties and to pursue growth.
8.4.7

REGULATORY, LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING

Litigation and disputes
Infigen may be exposed to litigation arising from its operations or activities. All industries,
including the renewable energy industry, are subject to legal claims, with and without merit.

infigenenergy.com | 63

Defence and settlement costs of legal claims can be substantial, even with respect to claims
that have no merit. Liability could be imposed on Infigen as a consequence of any litigation
and protracted litigation. Litigation may adversely affect Infigen’s revenues, future financial
performance and reputation.

For personal use only

Operational regulatory compliance
Infigen’s business operations are governed by a range of rules, regulations and legislation.
These include environmental, planning, employee relations, work, health and safety,
competition, financial services and energy market rules, regulation and legislation. Infigen is
exposed to the risk of changes in government policy, and changes to, or in the interpretation
of, applicable rules, regulations and legislation. Compliance with such rules, regulations and
legislation could increase compliance responsibilities and costs. A failure to comply with such
rules, regulations and legislation may impact Infigen’s ability to operate and could adversely
affect Infigen’s revenues, future financial performance and reputation or result in criminal
prosecution for individuals.
Environmental risk
The operations and activities of Infigen are subject to the environmental laws and regulations
of Australia. Infigen attempts to conduct its operations and activities to the highest standard
of environmental obligation, including compliance with all environmental laws and regulations.
Infigen is unable to predict the effect of additional environmental laws and regulations which
may be adopted in the future, including whether any such laws or regulations would materially
increase Infigen’s cost of doing business or affect its operations. However, there can be no
assurances that new environmental laws, regulations or stricter enforcement policies, once
implemented, will not oblige Infigen to incur significant expenses and undertake significant
investments which could have a material adverse effect on Infigen’s business, financial
condition and performance.
Accounting
There is a risk that changes to law, application, interpretation or enforcement of Australian
accounting standards may affect the reported financial performance and financial position of
Infigen in future periods.
ASX listing
Infigen is listed on the ASX and must comply with the ASX Listing Rules as they exist from
time to time. Changes in the ASX Listing Rules or their interpretation or application could result
in increased compliance costs or changes to the manner in which Infigen must act in order to
ensure continued compliance with such rules.
8.4.8

TAX RISKS

Australian tax law
There is a risk that changes to law, or the application, interpretation or enforcement of
Australian tax law could increase Infigen’s ultimate tax liability or decrease its accumulated tax
losses following the date of this Target’s Statement or adversely affect Infigen’s profitability,
net assets and cash flow. In particular, both the level and basis of taxation may change. The
effect of changes can include the timing and quantum of tax payable by Infigen in the future.
Consistent with other businesses of the size and diversity of Infigen, Infigen may be the subject
of periodic information requests, investigations and audit activities by tax authorities.

infigenenergy.com | 64

Foreign tax law

For personal use only

As a result of past operations of Infigen in the United States and Europe there is a risk that
changes to law, or the application, interpretation or enforcement of United States or
Luxembourg tax regimes could increase Infigen’s tax liability or decrease its available tax
losses.
8.4.9

OTHER RISKS

Global health events (including the COVID-19 pandemic)
Global health events may result in a general deterioration in economic conditions worldwide or
in a particular region. In particular, the recent global macroeconomic events experienced due
to the spread of the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 could have a material adverse impact
on Infigen’s financial position, performance and security price. The COVID-19 pandemic has
resulted in significant market falls and volatility, including in the prices of energy market
commodities and securities trading on the ASX. There is continued uncertainty about the
further short-term and long-term impact of COVID-19, including in relation to governmental
action and responses, international trade impacts, potential taxation changes, work stoppages,
lockdowns, quarantine orders, travel restrictions and the likelihood of a global economic
recession of uncertain duration and severity, which may adversely impact Infigen’s operating
and financial performance. In particular, to the extent that government-imposed restrictions
remain in place and the current global economic and business climate leads to any prolonged
economic downturn in jurisdictions in which Infigen operates its business or supplies its
customers, this may adversely impact Infigen’s financial performance.
Given the high degree of uncertainty surrounding the extent and duration of the COVID-19
pandemic and related global macroeconomic events (which are dependent on many factors
beyond Infigen’s control), as at the date of this Target’s Statement, it is not possible for Infigen
to assess the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business. Many of the risks
described in this section 8.4 are also likely to be heightened due to the impacts the COVID-19
pandemic.

infigenenergy.com | 65

For personal use only

9.

Taxation considerations

9.1

Introduction

The information provided below is intended to be a brief guide only and does not purport to be
an authoritative or a complete analysis of the potential tax consequences of accepting the
Iberdrola Offer applicable to the specific circumstances of any Infigen Security Holder.
Infigen Security Holders are specifically informed that the outline below relates to possible
Australian income tax, stamp duty and GST considerations only on disposal of Infigen Stapled
Securities based on the existing tax laws and administrative practices of the ATO as at the
date of this Target’s Statement. The information provided below:
(a)

does not consider the taxation implications in jurisdictions outside of Australia; and

(b)

should not be relied upon by an Infigen Security Holder in making a decision on the
Australian tax consequences of their decision to dispose of any Infigen Stapled
Securities to Iberdrola Australia.

The following comments are only relevant to those Infigen Security Holders who hold their
Infigen Stapled Securities on capital account for tax purposes (as opposed to on revenue
account or as trading stock) and do not apply to the extent that Infigen Security Holders:
(a)

hold Performance Rights;

(b)

acquired their Infigen Stapled Securities, or any rights in relation to the Infigen Stapled
Securities, as the result of an employee share or option plan;

(c)

are under a legal disability;

(d)

are entities subject to special taxation rules, including the investment manager regime,
the taxation of financial arrangement rules, tax exempt organisations and
superannuation funds with accounts in a tax-free pension phase;

(e)

are taken to have acquired their Infigen Stapled Securities before 20 September 1985;
or

(f)

are non-resident Infigen Security Holders who currently hold, or have held, at any time
Infigen Stapled Securities through a permanent establishment in Australia, who are
temporary residents of Australia or who have changed residence while holding Infigen
Stapled Securities.

9.2

Disposal of Infigen Stapled Securities

For Australian capital gains tax (CGT) purposes, each Infigen Stapled Security is considered
to comprise two separate assets, being a fully paid ordinary share in IEL and a fully paid
ordinary unit in IET. Therefore, an Infigen Security Holder that accepts the Iberdrola Offer, and
transfers their Infigen Stapled Securities to Iberdrola Australia under the Iberdrola Offer, will
be treated as having disposed of each of their IEL shares and IET units for Australian tax
purposes and a separate CGT calculation will need to be performed for each asset.
Infigen Security Holders will be taken to have disposed of their Infigen Stapled Securities when
the contract to dispose of the Infigen Stapled Securities is formed. If the Iberdrola Offer is
accepted before the FIRB Condition is satisfied, the date of the contract to dispose of the
Infigen Stapled Securities should be the date the FIRB Condition is satisfied. If the Iberdrola
Offer is accepted after the FIRB Condition is satisfied, the date the contract to dispose of the
Infigen Stapled Securities is formed should be the date the Iberdrola Offer is accepted.

infigenenergy.com | 66

9.3

Compulsory Acquisition

For personal use only

If an Infigen Stapled Security is compulsorily acquired in accordance with Part 6A.1 of the
Corporations Act, the Infigen Security Holder will be treated as having disposed of each of their
IEL shares and IET units for Australian tax purposes when the Infigen Security Holder ceases
to be the owner of the Infigen Stapled Security.

9.4

Determination of capital gains and losses on the disposal of Infigen
Stapled Securities

The Offer Consideration received by an Infigen Security Holder in respect of the disposal of
their Infigen Stapled Security will need to be apportioned between the Infigen Security Holder’s
shares in IEL and units in IET that are disposed of to determine the respective amounts of
capital proceeds. Similarly, the cost base and reduced cost base of each Infigen Stapled
Security will need to be apportioned between each IEL share and IET unit that are disposed
of to determine their respective cost bases and reduced cost bases.
An Infigen Security Holder should realise a capital gain equal to the amount by which the
relevant portion of the Offer Consideration exceeds the respective portion of the cost base of
the Infigen Stapled Security, being each IEL share and IET unit. An Infigen Security Holder
will alternatively realise a capital loss equal to the amount by which the relevant portion of the
reduced cost base of the Infigen Stapled Security, being each IEL share and IET unit, exceeds
the respective portion of the Offer Consideration.
The cost base and reduced cost base of an Infigen Stapled Security should generally include
the amount paid (or deemed to be paid) to acquire the Infigen Stapled Security, which includes
certain incidental costs (such as brokerage fees) of the acquisition, holding and disposal of the
Infigen Stapled Security less any distributions an Infigen Security Holder has received during
its ownership period. All previous distributions paid by Infigen were returns of capital that
reduced the cost base and reduced cost base of an Infigen Stapled Security. The reduced
cost base does not include certain amounts that would be included in the cost base.
A capital loss from the disposal of an Infigen Stapled Security may be used to offset a capital
gain made in the same income year or be carried forward to offset a capital gain made in a
future income year, subject to the satisfaction of certain loss recoupment tests. Capital losses
cannot reduce or offset other income or non-capital gains.

9.5

Australian resident Infigen Security Holders

An Infigen Security Holder that is a resident of Australia for tax purposes and is an individual,
a trust or a complying superannuation entity may be entitled to reduce their capital gain (after
first reducing the capital gain by any available capital losses) from the disposal of an Infigen
Stapled Security by the applicable CGT discount (one-third in the case of a complying
superannuation entity and one-half in the case of an individual or a trust that is not a
superannuation fund) provided that the Infigen Stapled Security was acquired (or was taken to
have been acquired) at least 12 months before disposal to Iberdrola Australia (excluding the
date of acquisition and the date of disposal) and the Infigen Security Holder did not choose to
index the cost base of their Infigen Stapled Securities (where applicable).
The CGT discount is not available to any Infigen Security Holder that is a company.
Any resulting net capital gain (that is, the amount remaining after application of any available
capital losses, available CGT discounts and/or concessions) should be included in the Infigen

infigenenergy.com | 67

Security Holder’s assessable income and subject to Australian income tax at the applicable
marginal tax rate.

For personal use only

9.6

Non-resident Infigen Security Holders

An Infigen Security Holder that is not a resident of Australia for tax purposes should generally
not have to pay Australian income tax on any capital gain arising on the disposal of their Infigen
Stapled Securities unless their IEL shares or IET units are characterised as ‘indirect Australian
real property interests’. An Infigen Security Holder’s IEL shares or IET units may be treated
as indirect Australian real property interests if both of the following requirements are satisfied:
(a)

the Infigen Security Holder, together with its ‘associates’ (as defined in section 318 of
the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth)), held a combined interest of at least 10%
in IEL or IET, respectively, either at the time the Infigen Stapled Securities were
disposed of (or were taken to have been disposed of) or for at least 12 months during
the 24 months before the Infigen Stapled Securities were disposed of (for CGT
purposes); and

(b)

more than 50% of the value of IEL or IET’s assets respectively is attributed to direct or
indirect interests in Australian real property, which is defined to include mining and
exploration leases and licences (Principal Asset Test).

Where both the above requirements are satisfied, non-resident Infigen Security Holders may
be liable for tax on gains from the disposal of their IEL shares or IET units (respectively) and
may be required to lodge a tax return in connection with the disposal of Infigen Stapled
Securities.
The Principal Asset Test must be assessed at the time of the relevant disposal, which will vary
for each Infigen Security Holder.
A non-resident Infigen Security Holder who is subject to tax on disposal of their Infigen Stapled
Securities may be eligible to apply a CGT discount to part of their gain, if they acquired, or are
taken to have acquired, their Infigen Stapled Securities on or before 8 May 2012. Otherwise,
the CGT discount is not available to non-resident Infigen Security Holders.

9.7

Non-resident Infigen Security Holders’ CGT Withholding

Iberdrola Australia may have an obligation to remit to the ATO up to 12.5% of the Offer
Consideration (CGT Withholding Tax) otherwise payable to the Infigen Security Holder if
either or both of the Infigen Security Holder’s IEL shares or IET units are ‘indirect Australian
real property interests’ (as discussed above) and Iberdrola Australia either:
(a)

knows or reasonably believes that the relevant Infigen Security Holder is a foreign
resident; or

(b)

does not reasonably believe that the relevant Infigen Security Holder is an Australian
resident, and either:
(i)

the relevant Infigen Security Holder has an address outside Australia; or

(ii)

Iberdrola Australia is authorised to provide a related financial benefit to a place
outside Australia (whether to the relevant Infigen Security Holder or to anyone
else).

An Infigen Security Holder who does not meet the above conditions should provide Iberdrola
Australia with a completed Non-Withholding Declaration. Information about where to obtain the
Non-Withholding Declaration is contained within section 7.4(b) of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
infigenenergy.com | 68

For personal use only

Statement. In the Non-Withholding Declaration, the relevant Infigen Security Holder may
declare that it is an Australian tax resident (Residency Declaration) or that their holding in
Infigen is not an indirect Australian real property interest (Interest Declaration).
If the relevant Infigen Security Holder does not provide an appropriately completed NonWithholding Declaration prior to Iberdrola Australia acquiring its Infigen Stapled Securities or
if the relevant Infigen Security Holder does provide a completed Non-Withholding Declaration
to Iberdrola Australia prior to Iberdrola Australia acquiring its Infigen Stapled Securities and
Iberdrola Australia reasonably believes that the information in the Non-Withholding Declaration
is not correct, Iberdrola Australia may withhold the CGT Withholding Tax from the Offer
Consideration payable to that Infigen Security Holder.
Any CGT Withholding Tax withheld may be able to be offset against the actual tax payable on
the gain from the disposal of the Infigen Stapled Securities (as discussed above) and is
refundable by the ATO to the extent that the CGT Withholding Tax exceeds the actual tax
payable.

9.8

Stamp duty

Infigen Security Holders will not be liable to any stamp duty in respect of their disposal of
Infigen Stapled Securities.

9.9

GST

Infigen Security Holders should not be subject to any GST in respect of their disposal of Infigen
Stapled Securities. Infigen Security Holders should seek their own tax advice to determine
whether any GST incurred on costs (for example, third party advisers’ fees) in relation to the
disposal of their Infigen Stapled Securities is recoverable.

infigenenergy.com | 69

10.

Additional information

10.1 Capital structure

For personal use only

As at the date of this Target’s Statement, the Infigen Securities on issue are:
CLASS

NUMBER

Infigen Stapled Securities

970,698,065

Performance Rights

6,771,579

As at the date of this Target’s Statement, Infigen has no Options on issue.

10.2 Substantial Security Holders
Based on substantial security holder notices provided to Infigen as at the Last Trading Date,
the substantial security holders of Infigen (being persons who hold voting power in 5% or more
of the Infigen Stapled Securities on issue) are:
NAME OF HOLDER

DATE OF NOTICE

% VOTING POWER AS
SET OUT IN NOTICE

TCI Funds

2 June 2020

33.09%

UAC

9 June 2020

13.40%

Vinva Investment
Management

10 February 2020

5.50%

Mitsubishi UFJ Financial
Group, Inc.

22 June 2020

5.02%

Iberdrola Group

25 June 2020

20% 17

10.3 Infigen Directors
At the date of this Target’s Statement, the Infigen Directors are:
(a)

Len Gill (Non-Executive Chairman);

(b)

Phillip Green (Non-Executive Director);

(c)

Mark Chellew (Non-Executive Director);

(d)

Emma Stein (Non-Executive Director);

(e)

Karen Smith-Pomeroy (Non-Executive Director);

Form 604 Notice of Change of Interests of Substantial Holder released on the ASX Market Platform on 25 June 2020, in
respect of Infigen Stapled Securities held by the TCI Funds arising under the Pre-Bid Agreement.

17

infigenenergy.com | 70

(f)

Ross Rolfe AO (Chief Executive Officer / Managing Director); and

(g)

Sylvia Wiggins (Executive Director).

10.4 Interests of Directors in Infigen Stapled Securities

For personal use only

As at the Last Trading Date:


Len Gill had a Relevant Interest in 66,673 Infigen Stapled Securities;



Ross Rolfe had a Relevant Interest in 130,869 Infigen Stapled Securities and held
2,419,612 Performance Rights; and



Sylvia Wiggins had a Relevant Interest in 12,173 Infigen Stapled Securities and held
1,410,732 Performance Rights.

Each of these Infigen Directors intends to ACCEPT, or procure the acceptance of, the Iberdrola
Offer in respect of the Infigen Stapled Securities they own or control or otherwise have a
Relevant Interest in, in the absence of a Superior Proposal. Other than as set out above, as
at the Last Trading Date, no Infigen Director had a Relevant Interest in Infigen Securities.

10.5 Dealings of Directors in Infigen Securities
On 27 March 2020, Len Gill acquired 1,450 Infigen Stapled Securities as a result of his
participation in Infigen’s distribution reinvestment plan following the payment of the FY20
interim distribution. Other than this, no Director has acquired or disposed of a Relevant Interest
in any Infigen Securities in the four month period ending on the Last Trading Date.

10.6 Directors’ interests and dealings in Iberdrola Australia
As at the Last Trading Date, neither Infigen nor any of the Infigen Directors had a Relevant
Interest in the securities of Iberdrola Australia or any Related Body Corporate of Iberdrola
Australia. No Infigen Director acquired or disposed of a Relevant Interest in any securities of
Iberdrola Australia or any Related Body Corporate of Iberdrola Australia in the four month
period ending on the Last Trading Date.

10.7 Impact of the Iberdrola Offer on Infigen’s senior employee and director
arrangements
None of the contractual arrangements between Infigen, the Infigen Directors and KMP will be
materially affected by the Iberdrola Offer, if it were to become unconditional, other than those
matters described below. Any payments described below are subject to limitations in the
Corporations Act.
(a)

Infigen Director arrangements
As a result of the Iberdrola Offer, no benefit (other than a benefit which can be given
without member approval under the Corporations Act) has been given or will be given
to any Infigen Director or secretary of Infigen in connection with the loss of, or their
resignation from, their office.
No Infigen Director has agreed to receive, or is entitled to receive, any benefit from
Iberdrola Australia which is conditional on, or is related to, the Iberdrola Offer, other
than in their capacity as a holder of Infigen Stapled Securities.

infigenenergy.com | 71

Other than as disclosed in this Target’s Statement (including in section 6.7 of this
Target’s Statement), no agreement has been made between any Director and any
person in connection with, or conditional upon, the outcome of the Iberdrola Offer, other
than in their capacity as a holder of Infigen Stapled Securities.

For personal use only

No Infigen Director has any interest in any contract entered into by Iberdrola Australia.
(b)

Executive and employee arrangements
All Infigen employees, including Executive Directors and KMP are employed in
accordance with the terms and conditions of their employment contract that includes,
but is not limited to, remuneration, statutory entitlements, notice of termination and
severance. In addition to the above matters, the Executive Directors, KMP and other
senior management are entitled to participate in the short term incentive (STI) and long
term incentive (LTI) program in accordance with the Infigen Equity Plan. It has been
determined that the STI and LTI entitlements for the financial year ending 30 June 2021
will be satisfied by a cash payment in lieu of Performance Rights if a control transaction
completes (see sections 6.6 and 6.7 of this Target’s Statement).

10.8 Material litigation
As at the Last Trading Date, Infigen is not aware of any material disputes or litigation being
undertaken, commenced or threatened against any Infigen Group Member.

10.9 Material agreements relating to the Iberdrola Offer
10.9.1 Bid Implementation Agreement
On 17 June 2020, Iberdrola Australia and Infigen entered into the Bid Implementation
Agreement in relation to the Iberdrola Offer. The Bid Implementation Agreement sets out the
agreed terms on which Iberdrola Australia has made the Iberdrola Offer, and obligations of
both Iberdrola Australia and Infigen in relation to the Iberdrola Offer. A copy of the Bid
Implementation Agreement was released by Infigen to ASX in its announcement dated 17 June
2020.
The following is a summary of the key terms of the Bid Implementation Agreement.
Consideration
Iberdrola Australia agreed to pay $0.86 for each Infigen Stapled Security. Iberdrola Australia
increased the Iberdrola Offer Price to $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security on 30 June 2020.
Please refer to the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.
Exclusivity
The Bid Implementation Agreement contains certain exclusivity arrangements in favour of
Iberdrola Australia. These arrangements are summarised as follows.
(a)

(No shop) Infigen must not solicit, invite, encourage or initiate any Competing Proposal
or any enquiries, negotiations or discussions with any person (other than Iberdrola
Australia) in relation to, or that could reasonably be expected to lead to a Competing
Proposal.

(b)

(No talk and no due diligence) subject to a fiduciary exception, Infigen must not:

infigenenergy.com | 72

For personal use only

(i)

negotiate, accept or enter into, approve or recommend, participate in
negotiations or discussions with, or enter into any agreement, arrangement or
understanding with any person (other than Iberdrola Australia) in relation to, or
that could reasonably be expected to lead to a Competing Proposal;

(ii)

make available to any person (other than Iberdrola Australia) any non-public
information relating to Infigen or any Infigen Group Member, in connection with
a Competing Proposal, or the formulation, development, assessment or
finalisation of a Competing Proposal.

(c)

(Notification) Infigen must promptly notify Iberdrola Australia if it is approached by any
person to engage in any actions in relation to a Competing Proposal as set out above
in paragraphs (b)(i) and (b)(ii).

(d)

(Matching right and Infigen Board recommendation) Infigen is prohibited from
entering into an agreement to give effect to, or consenting, accepting or giving support
in any way that is public to, any Competing Proposal and must procure that no Infigen
Director withdraws or adversely changes their recommendation in respect of the
Takeover Bid as a result of the Competing Proposal or publicly recommends the
Competing Proposal other than where:
(i)

the Infigen Board acting in good faith (and after having taken advice from
external legal advisors) and in order to satisfy their statutory or fiduciary duties
determines that the Competing Proposal is, or may reasonably be expected to
lead to, a Superior Proposal;

(ii)

Infigen has provided Iberdrola Australia with the terms and conditions of the
Competing Proposal;

(iii)

Infigen has given Iberdrola Australia at least four business days to amend the
terms of the Takeover Bid, including by increasing the amount of consideration
offered, to make a counter proposal to Infigen (Counter Proposal); and

(iv)

Iberdrola Australia has not amended the terms of the Takeover Bid to make a
Counter Proposal within four business days of receipt of the information under
paragraph (d)(ii).

Board changes
As soon as practicable after Iberdrola Australia acquires a Relevant Interest in more than 50%
of the Infigen Stapled Securities and the Iberdrola Offer becomes or is declared unconditional,
Infigen must:
(a)

take all actions necessary to cause the appointment of the nominees of Iberdrola
Australia to the Infigen Board; and

(b)

procure that the Infigen Directors nominated by Iberdrola Australia, resign and release
Infigen from any claims they may have against Infigen,

provided that until Iberdrola Australia acquires all of the Infigen Stapled Securities, there are
at least two independent members of the Board who are not nominees of Iberdrola Australia.
Conduct of business
From the date of the Bid Implementation Agreement up to and including the end of the Offer
Period, Infigen:

infigenenergy.com | 73

For personal use only

(a)

must conduct its business in the ordinary and usual course of business, subject to
certain specified agreed restrictions and thresholds;

(b)

agrees to promptly notify Iberdrola Australia:
(i)

of anything of which it becomes aware of that makes any material information
publicly filed by Infigen to be, or reasonably likely to be, incomplete, incorrect,
untrue or misleading;

(ii)

if it has or will take any action which has, will, or is likely to, result in a material
breach of the Bid Implementation Agreement;

(iii)

of anything which it is aware of that makes any information which is the subject
of a representation or warranty given by Infigen incorrect, untrue or misleading
(including by omission) in any material respect;

(c)

must promptly provide Iberdrola Australia such information in relation to the Infigen
Group as Iberdrola Australia may reasonably request for the purpose of undertaking
and implementing the Takeover Bid, including satisfying the FIRB Condition,
refinancing any Infigen Group debt facilities and if the Minimum Acceptance Condition
is satisfied, planning the integration and transition of the Infigen Group; and

(d)

must keep Iberdrola Australia reasonably informed of all material developments in
respect of its financial and operating performance.

Infigen Board recommendation
Infigen must use reasonable endeavours to procure that each Infigen Director does not
withdraw, adversely revise or adversely qualify their recommendation in relation to the
Takeover Bid other than where:
(a)

Infigen has received a Superior Proposal;

(b)

Iberdrola Australia’s matching right as described above has been exhausted; and

(c)

the Infigen Directors have determined in good faith, after obtaining written legal advice
from its external legal advisers, that failing to take the action or refusing to take the
action in relation to the Superior Proposal would be inconsistent with their fiduciary or
statutory duties.

Reimbursement fee payable by Infigen
Infigen has agreed to pay a reimbursement fee of $8,395,962 (excluding GST) in certain
circumstances, including where:
(a)

during the exclusivity period (which is a maximum of six months from the date of the
agreement) (Exclusivity Period) any Infigen Director fails to make or makes, and then
withdraws or adversely changes their recommendation in relation to the Takeover Bid,
or their statement of intention to accept, or procure the acceptance of, the Iberdrola
Offer in respect of all Infigen Stapled Securities they own or control;

(b)

during the Exclusivity Period, Infigen enters into any agreement in relation to, or any
Infigen Director recommends that Infigen Security Holders accept or vote in favour of
or otherwise supports or endorses, any actual or proposed Competing Proposal;

(c)

a Competing Proposal of any kind is announced, or varied during the Exclusivity Period
and, within 12 months of the date of such announcement, the third party or any
infigenenergy.com | 74

For personal use only

Associate of that third party acquires (either alone or in aggregate) a Relevant Interest
in more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities;
(d)

Iberdrola Australia terminates the Bid Implementation Agreement as a result of Infigen
being in material breach (including an unremedied breach of a representation or
warranty that gives rise to a Material Adverse Change); or

(e)

Iberdrola Australia terminates the Bid Implementation Agreement as a result of any of
the defeating conditions set out in sections 9.7(e) (No Specified Events), 9.7(f) (No
Prescribed Occurrences) and 9.7(g) (No untrue statements to ASX) of the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement becoming incapable of being satisfied or are breached.

The reimbursement fee is not payable if Iberdrola Australia or its Related Bodies Corporate
acquire more than 50% of the Infigen Stapled Securities within 12 months after the date of the
agreement or if the fee has been paid Iberdrola Australia must refund the reimbursement fee.
Representations and warranties
Infigen and Iberdrola Australia have given representations and warranties to each other in the
Bid Implementation Agreement that are customary for an agreement of its nature.
These representations and warranties are set out in Schedule 2 (in the case of Infigen) and
Schedule 3 (in the case of Iberdrola Australia) of the Bid Implementation Agreement.
Termination
Each of Infigen and Iberdrola Australia may terminate the Bid Implementation Agreement at
any time before the end of the Offer Period if:
(a)

the other is in material breach of the Bid Implementation Agreement (other than for a
breach of a representation or warranty given by the other);

(b)

a court or Regulatory Authority has taken action that permanently restrains or prohibits
the Takeover Bid; or

(c)

Iberdrola Australia withdraws the Takeover Bid or the Takeover Bid lapses for any
reason including non-satisfaction of a Defeating Condition.

Iberdrola Australia may terminate the Bid Implementation Agreement at any time before the
end of the Offer Period if:
(a)

any Infigen Director fails to make or makes, and then withdraws or adversely changes their
recommendation in relation to the Takeover Bid or recommends another transaction;

(b)

a breach of a representation or warranty given by Infigen would or would be reasonably
likely to give rise to a Material Adverse Change;

(c)

any of the defeating conditions set out in sections 9.7(e) (No Specified Events), 9.7(f) (No
Prescribed Occurrences) and 9.7(g) (No untrue statements to ASX) of the Iberdrola
Bidder’s Statement being incapable of being satisfied or are breached.

infigenenergy.com | 75

Infigen may terminate the Bid Implementation Agreement at any time before the end of the
Offer Period if the Board unanimously or a majority of the Infigen Directors has changed,
withdrawn or modified its recommendation as permitted under the agreement.

For personal use only

10.9.2 Pre-Bid Agreement
On 17 June 2020, Iberdrola Australia entered into a Pre-Bid Agreement with the TCI Funds.
The Pre-Bid Agreement was released to ASX on 17 June 2020, as Annexure B to Iberdrola
Australia’s ‘Form 603 – Notice of initial substantial holder’ dated 17 June 2020 and a copy is
available from the ASX website, www.asx.com.au.
Under the Pre-Bid Agreement the TCI Funds have agreed to sell to Iberdrola Australia
194,139,613 Infigen Stapled Securities (representing 20% of the Infigen Stapled Securities),
no earlier than two months after the commencement of the Iberdrola Offer, conditional on
Iberdrola Australia receiving FIRB approval and subject to all the Defeating Conditions
(described in section 9.7 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement) being satisfied or waived and
upon Iberdrola Australia either having a Relevant Interest in more than 50% of the Infigen
Stapled Securities (including the TCI Funds’ Infigen Stapled Securities the subject of the PreBid Agreement) or where the TCI Funds’ acceptance of their Infigen Stapled Securities in the
Iberdrola Offer, together with acceptances submitted into any institutional acceptance facility,
would result in Iberdrola Australia having a Relevant Interest in more than 50% of the Infigen
Stapled Securities. If these conditions are not satisfied by 16 November 2020, the Pre-Bid
Agreement will terminate, unless the TCI Funds and Iberdrola Australia otherwise agree. The
Iberdrola Offer has been freed of all Defeating Conditions aside from the FIRB Condition and
the Minimum Acceptance Condition by the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.
The remaining two Defeating Conditions are set out in full in Attachment A to this Target’s
Statement.
Completion is to take place at a time nominated by Iberdrola Australia, which must be within 5
Business Days after the closing date of the Iberdrola Offer.
From the date of the Pre-Bid Agreement until it is terminated, the TCI Funds are not permitted
to dispose of, encumber or otherwise deal with the Infigen Stapled Securities the TCI Funds
have agreed to sell to Iberdrola Australia, provided that this restriction does not apply in respect
of 97,069,807 of those securities (representing approximately 10.01% of Infigen Stapled
Securities) unless and until FIRB approval is obtained. The Pre-Bid Agreement does not
prevent the TCI Funds from accepting the Iberdrola Offer in respect of the Infigen Stapled
Securities it has agreed to sell Iberdrola Australia.
The Pre-Bid Agreement automatically terminates if:
(a)

an alternative offer to acquire all Infigen Stapled Securities is announced to ASX that
the TCI Funds consider to be a superior offer;

(b)

the TCI Funds notify Iberdrola Australia it intends to accept the alternative offer; and

(c)

Iberdrola Australia does not increase the consideration under the Iberdrola Offer to
match the value per Infigen Stapled Security under the alternative offer, within four
business after the TCI Funds’ notice.

The Pre-Bid Agreement also terminates automatically if:
(a)

the TCI Funds accept the Iberdrola Offer in respect of all of the Infigen Stapled
Securities they have agreed to sell Iberdrola Australia and as at the closing date of the
Iberdrola Offer, the Iberdrola Offer has become unconditional and that acceptance has
not been withdrawn or revoked;

infigenenergy.com | 76

For personal use only

(b)

the Iberdrola Offer has not been declared free of all Defeating Conditions by 16
November 2020 (or such other date as the TCI Funds and Iberdrola Australia agree);
or

(c)

in certain circumstances, Iberdrola Australia does not nominate a date for completion
by five business days before the end of the Offer Period.

10.10

Change of control events

10.10.1

Corporate Facility

Under the Corporate Facility, a review event will occur if Iberdrola Australia or any other third
party (other than TCI Funds) owns or controls 50.1% or more of the voting shares of IEL or
IEL ceases to be listed on the ASX (Review Event). The occurrence of a Review Event will
allow a majority of the Corporate Facility Lenders (being two-thirds of the Corporate Facility
Lenders by value of commitments) to request that a consultation period of 45 days (Review
Period) be initiated. During the Review Period, Infigen Energy Finance (Australia) Pty Limited
(the Borrower) must consult with the Corporate Facility Lenders in good faith in relation to the
Review Event and its consequences under any finance documents (including any necessary
amendments to remedy or overcome any adverse consequences of the Review Event).
If the parties do not reach an agreement during the Review Period, the Borrower may be
required to repay the facilities established under the Corporate Facility, together with any
applicable break costs and prepayment fees on 90 days’ notice, including potential break fee
costs under related interest rate swaps. Where a majority of Corporate Facility Lenders do not
request a Review Period or where an agreement is reached following a Review Period, a
dissenting Corporate Facility Lender may still exit the Corporate Facility in certain
circumstances (for example, where there are prudential, internal exposure or regulatory risks
arising in connection with the Review Event).
As previously noted, Iberdrola Australia has stated in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement at
section 3.8 that, if the Corporate Facility Lenders call for a review and require repayment, then
if it is necessary, it intends to provide an unsecured loan on arm’s length terms to Infigen to
the extent required to refinance the Corporate Facility.
10.10.2

ARENA Funding Arrangement

Under the ARENA Funding Arrangement, there is a restriction on a change of control where
there is a change in the direct or indirect power or capacity of a party to determine the outcome
of decisions about the financial and operating policies, or control the membership of the board
or directors, of Lake Bonney BESS Pty Limited, being the Infigen Group Member that owns
the SA Battery (the Recipient). A change of control requires the consent of ARENA, not to be
unreasonably withheld. If ARENA does not consent to the change in control it may:
(a)

(b)

immediately terminate the agreement in respect of the ARENA Funding Arrangement
if it considers that:
(i)

the identity of the person who directly or indirectly controls the Recipient could
affect ARENA’s or the Commonwealth’s reputation; or

(ii)

there is a resulting risk to the successful completion of the project in the
agreement; and

recover an amount equal to all ARENA funding paid to the Recipient.

infigenenergy.com | 77

10.10.3

ISDA Master Agreements

For personal use only

Certain Infigen Group Members are party to an ISDA Master Agreement with the following
counterparties:
(a)

AGL HP1 Pty Limited, AGL HP2 Pty Limited and AGL HP3 Pty Limited in their capacity
as partners in, and on behalf of AGL Hydro Partnership;

(b)

CSR Limited;

(c)

ERM Power Retail Pty Limited;

(d)

Macquarie Bank Limited;

(e)

Origin Energy Electricity Limited;

(f)

Snowy Hydro Limited;

(g)

Stanwell Corporation Limited; and

(h)

Westpac Banking Corporation,

(together, the ISDA Master Agreements).
If Iberdrola Australia acquires a majority of the Infigen Stapled Securities, this will be a
“Designated Event” under the ISDA Master Agreements. If the creditworthiness of:
(a)

the relevant Infigen Group Member that is a party to an ISDA Master Agreement; or

(b)

where another Infigen Group Member has provided credit support to the counterparty
in connection with an ISDA Master Agreement, that Infigen Group Member,

is materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of Iberdrola Australia’s acquisition of the
majority of the Infigen Stapled Securities, then the counterparty can terminate the outstanding
transactions governed by the ISDA Master Agreement by not more than 20 days’ notice, in
which case any unpaid amounts owed under the relevant ISDA Master Agreement and
termination related payments will be payable.
10.10.4

Other material contracts

As far as the Directors are aware, no other contract to which an Infigen Group Member is a
party, which is material in the context of the Infigen Group taken as a whole, contains a change
of control provision which may be triggered if Iberdrola Australia is successful in acquiring
control of Infigen, and which would give rise to:
(a)

that agreement being terminated; or

(b)

the business of the Infigen Group otherwise being materially adversely affected.

10.11 Consents
The following parties have given, and have not withdrawn before the lodgement of this Target’s
Statement with ASIC, their written consent to be named in this Target’s Statement in the form
and context in which they are so named:
(a)

Gilbert + Tobin, to being named in this Target’s Statement as legal adviser to Infigen;

(b)

Link Market Services, to being named in this Target’s Statement as the Infigen
Securities Registry;

infigenenergy.com | 78

For personal use only

(c)

Goldman Sachs, to being named in this Target’s Statement as financial adviser to
Infigen; and

(d)

Lazard, to being named in this Target’s Statement as financial adviser to Infigen.

None of these persons have caused or authorised the issue of this Target’s Statement, nor
makes or purports to make any statement in this Target’s Statement or any statement on which
a statement in this Target’s Statement is based or takes any responsibility for any part of this
Target’s Statement, other than any reference to its name.
Each of the Infigen Directors has given and not withdrawn before the lodgement of this Target’s
Statement with ASIC their consent to:
(a)

be named in this Target's Statement in the form and context in which they are named;
and

(b)

statements attributable to them being included in this Target's Statement in the form
and context in which they appear.

As permitted by ASIC Class Order 13/521, this Target’s Statement may include or be
accompanied by statements which are made in documents lodged with ASIC or ASX.
Pursuant to ASIC Class Order 13/521, provided this Target’s Statement fairly represents such
statements, the consent of the parties making those statements is not required for, and those
parties have not consented to, the inclusion of such statements in this Target’s Statement.
Infigen Security Holders may, during the Offer Period, obtain a copy of the documents (free of
charge) in which the aforementioned statements appear (or in which statements based on
those statements appear, as the case may be), or the relevant part(s) of any of those
documents, by contacting the Infigen Security Holder Information Line 1300 540 303 (for calls
made from within Australia) or +61 2 8022 7955 (for calls made from outside Australia), on
Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm (Sydney, Australia time).
In addition, as permitted by ASIC Corporations (Consents to Statements) Instrument 2016/72,
this Target’s Statement may include or be accompanied by statements fairly representing a
statement by an official person, or statements from a public official document or a published
book, journal or comparable publication.
As permitted by ASIC Corporations (Consents to Statements) Instrument 2016/72, this
Target’s Statement contains trading data sourced from IRESS without its consent.

10.12 No other material information
This Target’s Statement is required to include all information that Infigen Security Holders and
their professional advisers would reasonably require to make an informed assessment whether
to accept the Iberdrola Offer, but:
(a)

only to the extent to which it is reasonable for investors and their professional advisers
to expect to find the information in this Target’s Statement; and

(b)

only if the information is known to any of the Infigen Directors.

The Infigen Directors are of the opinion that the information that Infigen Security Holders and
their professional advisers would reasonably require to make an informed assessment of
whether to accept the Iberdrola Offer is the information contained in:
(a)

the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement (to the extent that the information is not inconsistent
with or superseded by information in this Target’s Statement);

(b)

Infigen’s releases to ASX before the date of this Target’s Statement;
infigenenergy.com | 79

For personal use only

(c)

documents lodged by Infigen with ASIC before the date of this Target’s Statement;

(d)

the UAC Bidder’s Statement;

(e)

the UAC First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement;

(f)

the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement;

(g)

the UAC Offer Target’s Statement;

(h)

the UAC Offer First Supplementary Target’s Statement;

(i)

the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement;

(j)

the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement; and

(k)

this Target’s Statement.

The Infigen Directors have assumed, for the purposes of preparing this Target’s Statement,
that the information contained in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and the Iberdrola First
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement is accurate (unless they have expressly indicated
otherwise in this Target’s Statement). However, the Infigen Directors do not take any
responsibility for the contents of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement or the Iberdrola First
Supplementary Bidder’s Statement and are not to be taken as endorsing, in any way, any or
all of the statements contained in it.
In deciding what information should be included in this Target’s Statement, the Directors have
had regard to:
(a)

the nature of the Infigen Stapled Securities;

(b)

the matters which Infigen Security Holders may reasonably be expected to know;

(c)

the fact that certain matters may reasonably be expected to be known to the
professional advisers of Infigen Security Holders; and

(d)

the time available to Infigen to prepare this Target’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 80

11.

Approval of this Target’s Statement

For personal use only

This Target’s Statement has been approved by a resolution passed by the Infigen Directors.
Signed for and on behalf of IEL and IERL in its capacity as the responsible entity for the IET:

Date

3 July 2020
Signed for and on behalf of Infigen Energy Limited
By:

Director
Print name

Date

L.F. Gill

3 July 2020
Signed for and on behalf of Infigen Energy RE Limited in its capacity as responsible entity
for the Infigen Energy Trust
By:

Director
Print name

L.F. Gill

infigenenergy.com | 81

For personal use only

Schedule 1 – Dictionary
1

Definitions and interpretation

1.1

Definitions

The following defined terms in this Target’s Statement have the meanings set out below.
Acceptance Form means the form of acceptance that accompanies the Iberdrola Offer or,
as the context permits, any additional, replacement, substitute or other acceptance form
provided by or on behalf of Iberdrola Australia in respect of the Iberdrola Offer.
ADR has the meaning given in section 7.3 of this Target’s Statement.
Announcement Date means the date of the announcement of the Iberdrola Offer, being 17
June 2020.
Approvals means a licence, authority, consent, approval, order, exemption, waiver, ruling or
decision.
ARENA means the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ABN 35 931 927 899).
ARENA Funding Arrangement means the grant funding provided by ARENA to Lake
Bonney BESS Pty Limited, an Infigen Group Member, under a funding agreement dated
9 July 2018.
Associate has the meaning given under section 9 of the Corporations Act.
ASIC means the Australian Securities & Investments Commission.
ASX means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) or, as the financial market, the Australian
Securities Exchange, where the context requires.
ASX Listing Rules means the official listing rules of ASX as amended or varied from time to
time.
ASX Settlement means ASX Settlement Pty Limited (ABN 49 008 504 532).
ASX Settlement Operating Rules means the operating rules of ASX Settlement.
ATO means Australian Taxation Office.
Bid Implementation Agreement means the Bid Implementation Agreement between
Iberdrola Australia and Infigen dated 17 June 2020 which sets out the terms on which the
Iberdrola Offer will be made by Iberdrola Australia and regulates the conduct of the parties to
that document in relation to the Iberdrola Offer.
Board means the Board of Directors of Infigen.
Bodangora Facility means the Syndicated Facility Agreement dated 30 March 2017
between certain Infigen Group Members, the Lenders (as defined therein) and others in
relation to the project financing of the Bodangora Wind Farm.
Borrower has the meaning given in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement.
Broker means a person who is a security broker and a Participant.

infigenenergy.com | 82

Business Day means a day on which banks are open for business in Sydney, New South
Wales, Australia, excluding the days of Saturday, Sunday or public holidays.

For personal use only

CHESS means the Clearing House Electronic Subregister System operated by ASX
Settlement, which provides for the electronic transfer, settlement and registration of
securities.
CHESS Holding means a number of Infigen Stapled Securities which are registered on the
Infigen security register administered by ASX Settlement which records uncertified holdings
of Infigen Stapled Securities.
C&I has the meaning given in section 6.1 of this Target’s Statement.
CGT has the meaning given in section 9.2 of this Target’s Statement.
CGT Withholding Tax has the meaning given in section 9.7 of this Target’s Statement.
Competing Proposal has the meaning given in the Bid Implementation Agreement, being
any proposal, agreement, transaction or arrangement by or with any person pursuant to
which, if entered into or completed, would result in a Third Party (either alone or together with
any Associate):
(a)

directly or indirectly acquiring a Relevant Interest in, or having a right to acquire, a legal,
beneficial or economic interest in, or control of, 20% or more of the Infigen Stapled
Securities;

(b)

acquiring Control of Infigen; or

(c)

otherwise directly or indirectly:
(i)

acquiring or merging with Infigen, or having the right to so acquire or merge
with Infigen; or

(ii)

acquiring or becoming the holder of, or otherwise acquiring or having a right to
acquire, a legal, beneficial or economic interest in, or control of, all or a material
part of the business or assets of Infigen,

in each case whether by way of takeover bid, scheme of arrangement, security holder
approved acquisition or resolution, de-stapling, reverse takeover bid, capital reduction,
capital raising, security buy-back, sale or purchase of assets, joint venture, dual listed
company and/or trust structure, synthetic merger or other transaction or arrangement.
Control has the meaning given in section 50AA of the Corporations Act.
Controlling Participant in relation to a CHESS Holding has the meaning given in the ASX
Settlement Operating Rules.
Corporate Facility means the Syndicated Facility Agreement dated 9 April 2018 between
the Borrower, certain other Infigen Group Members, the Original Lenders (as defined therein)
and others.
Corporate Facility Lenders means the lenders from time to time under the Corporate
Facility.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and any regulations made under
that Act.

infigenenergy.com | 83

Defeating Conditions means the conditions of the Iberdrola Offer set out in section 9.7(a)
and section 9.7(b) of the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement and Attachment A to this Target’s
Statement.

For personal use only

Directors or Infigen Directors means the directors of IEL and IERL as at the date of this
Target’s Statement.
Disclosure Materials has the meaning given in the Bid Implementation Agreement, being:
(a)

the documents and information contained in the data room made available by Infigen
to Iberdrola Australia, the index of which has been initialled for identification by, or on
behalf of Infigen and Iberdrola Australia, on or before the date of the Bid
Implementation Agreement; and

(b)

written responses from Infigen to Iberdrola Australia to requests for further information
made by Iberdrola Australia, a copy of which has been initialled for identification by,
or on behalf of Infigen and Iberdrola Australia, on or before the date of the Bid
Implementation Agreement.

EBITDA means:
(a)
(b)

subject to paragraph (b), earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation;
and
where used in the definition of Material Adverse Change, earnings before interest,
abnormals, tax, depreciation and amortisation.

Entity has the meaning given in section 64A of the Corporations Act.
ESG means environment, social and governance.
Executive Directors means Ross Rolfe AO and Sylvia Wiggins.
FATA means the Foreign Acquisitions and Takeovers Act 1975 (Cth).
Fairly Disclosed has the meaning given in the Bid Implementation Agreement, being
disclosed by the relevant party in good faith and in sufficient detail so as to enable a
reasonable and sophisticated party experienced in transactions similar to the Takeover Bid
and experienced in a business similar to any business conducted by the Infigen Group, to
identify the nature and scope of the relevant fact, matter, event or circumstance.
Fast Start Firming Assets means the Smithfield Open Cycle Gas Turbine facility located in
New South Wales, the Lake Bonney Battery Energy Storage System located in South
Australia each owned by an Infigen Group Member, and the South Australian Gas Turbines
located in South Australia to be leased by an Infigen Group Member.
FIRB means the Foreign Investment Review Board.
FIRB Condition has the meaning given in condition (b) of Attachment A.
FY means a financial year ending 30 June.
FY17 means the financial year ended 30 June 2017.
FY18 means the financial year ended 30 June 2018.
FY19 means the financial year ended 30 June 2019.
FY20 means the financial year ended 30 June 2020.

infigenenergy.com | 84

FY21 means the financial year ending 30 June 2021.
General Compulsory Acquisition has the meaning given in section 5.7 of this Target’s
Statement.

For personal use only

Goldman Sachs means Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897).
GST has the same meaning given in the A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act
1999 (Cth).
Iberdrola means Iberdrola S.A..
Iberdrola Australia means Iberdrola Renewables Australia Pty Limited (ACN 628 620 815).
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement means the bidder’s statement dated 24 June 2020 prepared
by Iberdrola Australia in relation to the Iberdrola Offer.
Iberdrola Energía Internacional or IEI has the meaning given in section 7.3 of this Target’s
Statement.
Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement means the first supplementary bidder’s
statement dated 30 June 2020 prepared by Iberdrola Australia in relation to the Iberdrola
Offer which supplements the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Iberdrola Group means Iberdrola and its Related Bodies Corporate and Iberdrola Group
Member means any one of them.
Iberdrola Offer means the off-market takeover offer by Iberdrola Australia for all of the
Infigen Stapled Securities under the terms and conditions contained in section 9 of the
Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement as supplemented by the Iberdrola First Supplementary Bidder’s
Statement.
Iberdrola Offer Price means $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security, on and subject to the terms
and conditions set out in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement as supplemented by the Iberdrola
First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.
IEL means Infigen Energy Limited (ABN 39 105 051 616).
IERL means Infigen Energy RE Limited (ABN 61 113 813 997).
IET means Infigen Energy Trust (ARSN 116 244 118).
Infigen means IEL and IET, or IEL and IERL as responsible entity for IET, as the context
requires.
Infigen Equity Plan means the Infigen Energy Equity Plan approved by Infigen Security
Holders in April 2009 as amended with the approval of Infigen Security Holders in November
2011.
Infigen Group means IET, IEL and its Subsidiaries (including IERL acting in its capacity as
responsible entity of IET) and Infigen Group Member means any one of them.
Infigen Securities means the Infigen Stapled Securities or Performance Rights (as
applicable) and Infigen Security means any of the foregoing (as applicable).
Infigen Securities Register means the register of Infigen Security Holders maintained by or
on behalf of Infigen in accordance with the Corporations Act.

infigenenergy.com | 85

Infigen Securities Registry means Link Market Services in its capacity as provider of
registry services in respect of the Infigen Securities Register.

For personal use only

Infigen Security Holder means a person who is registered as a holder of Infigen Stapled
Securities in the Infigen Securities Register.
Infigen Security Holder Information Line means the information line established by Infigen
to answer questions from Infigen Security Holders about the Iberdrola Offer.
Infigen Stapled Security means a fully paid ordinary share in IEL and a fully paid ordinary
unit in IET, each stapled to the other (ASX:IFN).
Interest Declaration means a declaration of the kind referred to in section 9.7 of this
Target’s Statement.
ISDA means the master agreement for derivatives published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc.
ISDA Master Agreements has the meaning given in section 10.10 of this Target’s
Statement.
Issuer Sponsored Holding means a holding of Infigen Stapled Securities on the Issuer
Sponsored Subregister of Infigen.
Issuer Sponsored Subregister has the meaning given in the ASX Settlement Operating
Rules.
KMP means Key Management Personnel.
Last Trading Date means 2 July 2020.
Last Undisturbed Trading Date means 2 June 2020.
Law has the same meaning as given to it in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Lazard means Lazard Pty Limited (ABN 84 086 785 622).
LGC means large-scale generation certificate, as defined in the Renewable Energy
(Electricity) Act 2000 (Cth).
Link Market Services means Link Market Services Limited (ACN 083 214 537).
LTI has the meaning given in section 10.7 of this Target’s Statement.
Managing Director means the officer(s) of Infigen from time to time appointed to that
position.
Material Adverse Change has the meaning given in the Bid Implementation Agreement,
being an event, matter or circumstance that occurs after the Announcement Date, or which
occurs before the Announcement Date but is only announced or becomes known (in each
case whether or not it becomes public) to Iberdrola Australia or Infigen after the
Announcement Date, which has or could reasonably be expected to have individually or
when aggregated with all such events matters or circumstances the effect of:
(a)

diminishing the consolidated net assets of the Infigen Group by 15% or more (as
compared to the Infigen Group’s most recent audited financial statements as at the
date of the Bid Implementation Agreement);

infigenenergy.com | 86

For personal use only

(b)

reducing the EBITDA of the Infigen Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2020
by 15% or more as compared against the EBITDA of the Infigen Group in the
financial year ended 30 June 2019; or

(c)

reducing the EBITDA of the Infigen Group for the financial year ending 30 June 2021
or 30 June 2022 by 20% or more as compared to what it could have reasonably
expected to have been but for the occurrence of the event, matter or circumstance,

in each case other than an event, matter or circumstance:
(d)

required or expressly contemplated by the Bid Implementation Agreement or the
Takeover Bid;

(e)

Fairly Disclosed in the Disclosure Materials;

(f)

Fairly Disclosed by Infigen in an announcement made by Infigen to ASX prior to the
Announcement Date;

(g)

agreed to in writing by Iberdrola Australia;

(h)

being damage to or the destruction of any of the Wind Farms or Fast Start Firming Assets
of the Infigen Group, where insurance is reasonably expected to respond and
reinstatement will be undertaken;

(i)

being an action of the market operator or of a network service provider which constrains
the export of electricity from (and production of LGCs by) any of the Wind Farms or Fast
Start Firming Assets for a period less than 30 days in order to allow network remediation
work to occur; or

(j)

resulting from changes:
(i)

in industry, regulatory, political, market or economic conditions;

(ii)

law or applicable government policy;

(iii)

generally accepted accounting principles or their interpretation,

affecting Australian businesses or Australian energy market participants generally.
MLF has the meaning given in section 8.4.4 of this Target’s Statement.
Minimum Acceptance Condition has the meaning given in condition (a) of Attachment A.
NEM has the meaning given in section 6.1 of this Target’s Statement.
Non-Withholding Declaration means a Residency Declaration or an Interest Declaration.
NPAT has the meaning given in section 6.5 of this Target’s Statement.
O&M has the meaning given in section 8.4.4 of this Target’s Statement.
OCGT has the meaning given in section 6.1 of this Target’s Statement.
Offer Consideration means the consideration offered for Infigen Stapled Securities under
the Iberdrola Offer, being $0.89 per Infigen Stapled Security.

infigenenergy.com | 87

Offer Period means the period during which the Iberdrola Offer will remain open for
acceptance in accordance with terms and conditions in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
Option means an option to acquire an Infigen Stapled Security.

For personal use only

OTC has the meaning given in section 7.3 of this Target’s Statement.
Participant means an entity admitted to participate in CHESS under Rules 4.3.1 and 4.4.1 of
the ASX Settlement Operating Rules.
Performance Right means a right, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable vesting
conditions, to acquire the number of Infigen Stapled Securities which are the subject of the
performance right or receive a cash amount equivalent to the market price (as at the vesting
date) of such securities.
Post Bid Compulsory Acquisition has the meaning given in section 5.7 of this Target’s
Statement.
PPA has the meaning given in section 6.1 of this Target’s Statement.
Pre-Bid Agreement means the Pre-bid Purchase Agreement entered into between Iberdrola
Australia and the TCI Funds, dated 17 June 2020 (which is summarised in section 10.9.2 of
this Target’s Statement).
Principal Asset Test has the meaning given in section 9.6(b) of this Target’s Statement.
Record Date means 7.00pm (Sydney, Australia time) on 24 June 2020, being the date set
by Iberdrola Australia under section 633(2) of the Corporations Act.
Regulatory Authority has the meaning given in section 10.1 of the Iberdrola Bidder’s
Statement.
Related Body Corporate has the meaning given in section 50 of the Corporations Act.
Relevant Interest has the meaning given by sections 608 and 609 of Corporations Act.
Residency Declaration means a declaration of a kind referred to in section 9.7 of this
Target’s Statement.
Review Event has the meaning given in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement.
Review Period has the meaning given in section 10.10 of this Target’s Statement.
Rights has the meaning given in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement, being all accretions,
rights or benefits of whatever kind attaching to or arising from the Infigen Stapled Securities
directly or indirectly after the Announcement Date (including, but not limited to, all dividends
or other distributions and all rights to receive any dividends or other distributions, or to
receive or subscribe for shares, notes, bonds, options or other securities or entitlements,
declared, paid or made by Infigen or any of its Subsidiaries).
SA Battery means the 25 MW / 52 MWh Lake Bonney battery energy storage system.
Security Interest has the meaning given in section 12 of the Personal Property Securities
Act 2009 (Cth).
Securityholder Reference Number means the number allocated by Infigen to identify an
Infigen Security Holder on the Issuer Sponsored Subregister of Infigen.
Spanish Stock Exchanges has the meaning given in section 7.3 of this Target’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 88

Subsidiary has the meaning given in Division 6 of Part 1.2 of the Corporations Act.

For personal use only

Superior Proposal has the meaning given in the Bid Implementation Agreement, being a
publicly announced, bona fide Competing Proposal that the Infigen Board reasonably
determines in good faith (after having received advice from its external legal advisors who
are reputable and experienced in advising on this area and, if appropriate, financial advisors:
(a)

is reasonably capable of being valued and completed in a timely manner, taking into
account all aspects of the Competing Proposal and the person making it including
without limitation, having regard to legal, financial and regulatory matters and
conditions precedent reasonably capable of being satisfied; and

(b)

may if completed substantially in accordance with its terms, be more favourable to
Infigen Security Holders as a whole than the Takeover Bid, taking into account all the
terms and conditions of the Competing Proposal.

Takeover Bid has the meaning given in clause 2.2.1 of the Bid Implementation Agreement.
Target’s Statement means this document and includes the Attachments to it.
TCI Funds means CIFF UK LP (registration: LP19223) and The Children’s Investment
Master Fund (registration: MC-130241).
Treasurer means the Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Australia.
Trust Property means all scheme property of IET, including all of IERL’s rights, property and
undertaking which are the subject of IET, or whatever kind and wherever situated and
whether present or future.
UAC means UAC Energy Holdings Pty Ltd (ABN 32 640 077 747).
UAC Bidder’s Statement means the bidder’s statement prepared by UAC in relation to the
UAC Offer dated 9 June 2020.
UAC First Supplementary Bidder’s Statement means the first supplementary bidder’s
statement dated 25 June 2020 prepared by UAC in relation to the UAC Offer which
supplements the UAC Bidder’s Statement.
UAC Offer means the off-market takeover offer made by UAC for Infigen Stapled Securities
under the terms and conditions contained in section 9 of the UAC Bidder’s Statement as
supplemented by the UAC Supplementary Bidder’s Statements.
UAC Offer First Supplementary Target’s Statement means the first supplementary
target’s statement issued by Infigen in respect of the UAC Offer dated the same date as the
date of this Target’s Statement.
UAC Offer Price means $0.86 per Infigen Stapled Security, on and subject to the terms and
conditions set out in the UAC Bidder’s Statement as supplemented by the UAC
Supplementary Bidder’s Statements.
UAC Offer Target’s Statement means the target’s statement issued by Infigen in respect of
the UAC Offer dated 23 June 2020.
UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement means the second supplementary
bidder’s statement dated 29 June 2020 prepared by UAC in relation to the UAC Offer which
supplements the UAC Bidder’s Statement.

infigenenergy.com | 89

UAC Supplementary Bidder’s Statements means each of the UAC First Supplementary
Bidder’s Statement and the UAC Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement.

For personal use only

VWAP means the volume weighted average price of Infigen Stapled Securities sold on the
ASX over the relevant period.
Wind Farms means the Alinta Wind Farm located in Western Australia, the Lake Bonney 1
Wind Farm located in South Australia, the Lake Bonney 2 Wind Farm located in South
Australia, the Lake Bonney 3 Wind Farm located in South Australia, the Capital Wind Farm
located in New South Wales, the Woodlawn Wind Farm located in New South Wales, the
Bodangora Wind Farm located in New South Wales, the Kiata Wind Farm located in Victoria,
the Toora Wind Farm located in Victoria, the Cherry Tree Wind Farm located in Victoria and
the Collector Wind Farm located in New South Wales.

1.2

Interpretation

(a)

Unless otherwise specified, words and phrases have the same meaning given in the
Corporations Act.

(b)

Where a term is defined, its other grammatical forms have a corresponding meaning.

(c)

A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other
instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or
replacements of any of them.

(d)

Headings and bold type are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation
of this Target’s Statement.

(e)

The singular includes the plural and vice versa.

(f)

Words importing any gender include all genders.

(g)

A reference to a person includes any company, partnership, joint venture,
association, corporation or other body corporate.

(h)

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to a section or paragraph are to a section of
or paragraph in this Target’s Statement.

(i)

Unless otherwise specified, a reference to time is a reference to the time in Sydney,
Australia.

(j)

Unless otherwise specified, a monetary amount is in Australian dollars.

infigenenergy.com | 90

Attachment A

Defeating Conditions of the Iberdrola Offer

For personal use only

*Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this Attachment A have the
meaning given to them in the Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement.
(a)

Minimum Acceptance Condition
At the end of the Offer Period, Iberdrola Australia has a Relevant Interest in more than
50% of all Infigen Stapled Securities (on a fully diluted basis).

(b)

FIRB Condition
Prior to the end of the Offer Period, either:
(i)

The Treasurer (or the Treasurer’s delegate) has provided a written no objection
notification under the FATA in respect of the proposed acquisition of Infigen
Stapled Securities under the Offer either without conditions or subject only to
Standard Tax Conditions; or

(ii)

following notice of the proposed acquisition of Infigen Stapled Securities under
the Offer having been given by Iberdrola Australia to the Treasurer under the
FATA, the Treasurer has ceased to be empowered to make any order under Part
3 of the FATA because the applicable time limit on making orders and decisions
has expired.

infigenenergy.com | 91

For personal use only

Attachment B

Infigen ASX announcements

The following announcements have been lodged on Infigen’s ASX platform between 22
August 2019 and the Last Trading Date (inclusive of both dates):
DATE

TITLE

30/06/2020

Completion of sending Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement

30/06/2020

IFN Recommends Takeover Offer from Iberdrola

30/06/2020

Supplementary Bidder’s Statement

30/06/2020

Variation of Takeover Bid

29/06/2020

IFN receives updated offers – advises investors take no action

29/06/2020

Variation of Takeover Bid

29/06/2020

UAC – Second Supplementary Bidder’s Statement

29/06/2020

Commencement of dispatch of Iberdrola’s Bidder’s Statement

29/06/2020

UAC declares its takeover offer wholly unconditional

25/06/2020

UAC completes sending its Bidder’s Statement

25/06/2020

Supplementary Bidder’s Statement

25/06/2020

Change in substantial holding

24/06/2020

Iberdrola’s Bidder’s Statement Received

24/06/2020

Iberdrola’s Bidder’s Statement

23/06/2020

UAC Bidders Statement Contains Outdated Information

23/06/2020

IFN Target’s Statement in response to UAC offer

23/06/2020

UAC commences sending its bidder’s statement

23/06/2020

Becoming a substantial holder from MUFG

19/06/2020

UAC FIRB approval obtained

17/06/2020

Becoming a substantial holder

17/06/2020

Announcement made by Iberdrola Australia

17/06/2020

Infigen announces no distribution for H2FY20

infigenenergy.com | 92

For personal use only

DATE

TITLE

17/06/2020

Infigen announces recommended takeover offer from Iberdrola

11/06/2020

Ceasing to be a substantial holder

10/06/2020

Infigen Monthly Production – May 2020

10/06/2020

Change in substantial holding

09/06/2020

Infigen Board Recommends Investors Take No Action with respect
to the Iberdrola proposal

09/06/2020

Change in substantial holding

09/06/2020

Iberdrola notice of people to whom information is to be sent

09/06/2020

Iberdrola Bidder’s Statement

05/06/2020

Ceasing to be a substantial holder

04/06/2020

Infigen Recommends Investors Take No Action with respect to the
Iberdrola proposal

03/06/2020

Iberdrola Intention to Make an Off-Market Takeover Offer

03/06/2020

Becoming a substantial holder

03/06/2020

Iberdrola announces takeover bid for Infigen Energy

02/06/2020

Change in substantial holding

13/05/2020

Infigen ESG Report 2019

12/05/2020

Infigen Monthly Production - April 2020

01/05/2020

Third Quarter FY20 Activity Report

09/04/2020

Infigen Monthly Production - March 2020

03/04/2020

Change of Director's Interest Notice

26/03/2020

Appendix 2A

25/03/2020

Update - Dividend/Distribution - IFN

25/03/2020

DRP Participation and Price

11/03/2020

Infigen Monthly Production - February 2020

09/03/2020

Infigen enters into Collector Wind Farm PPA

infigenenergy.com | 93

For personal use only

DATE

TITLE

21/02/2020

FY20 Interim Results

21/02/2020

Appendix 40 and FY20 Interim Financial Report

11/02/2020

Ceasing to be a substantial holder

11/02/2020

Infigen Monthly Production - January 2020

10/02/2020

Becoming a substantial holder

31/01/2020

Second Quarter FY20 Activity Report

29/01/2020

Ceasing to be a substantial holder

10/01/2020

Becoming a substantial holder from MUFG

10/01/2020

Infigen Monthly Production - December 2019

06/01/2020

Ceasing to be a substantial holder from MUFG

16/12/2019

Dividend/Distribution – IFN

16/12/2019

Infigen Announces H1/FY20 Distribution

10/12/2019

Infigen Monthly Production – November 2019

29/11/2019

Appendix 3B

26/11/2019

Change of Director’s Interest Notice

26/11/2019

Change of Director’s Interest Notice

21/11/2019

Results of Annual General Meeting

21/11/2019

AGM Presentations

13/11/2019

Infigen Monthly Production – October 2019

07/11/2019

Smithfield OCGT Site Tour Presentation

31/10/2019

First Quarter FY20 Activity Report

21/10/2019

Infigen Energy 2019 AGM Notice of Meeting

11/10/2019

Infigen Monthly Production – September 2019

01/10/2019

Change of Director’s Interest Notice

26/09/2019

Appendix 3B

infigenenergy.com | 94

For personal use only

DATE

TITLE

25/09/2019

Update – Dividend/Distribution – IFN

25/09/2019

DRP Participation and Price

24/09/2019

Date of 2019 AGM

12/09/2019

Infigen Monthly Production – August 2019

12/09/2019

Presentation to RBC Renewables Forum

06/09/2019

S&P DJI Announces September 2019 Quarterly Rebalance

28/08/2019

Infigen Adds South Australia Gas Turbines

22/08/2019

Appendix 4G

22/08/2019

Infigen Energy FY19 Full Year Results

22/08/2019

Appendix 4E and FY19 Annual Report

infigenenergy.com | 95

