For personal use only

Mobilicom scales up for major project and shifts to volume
manufacturing
Key points




Existing $2m contract with leading drone supplier increased by $240,000 – Mobilicom expects
additional orders in due course
Prototypes have passed customer review; volume manufacturing commencing
First commercial batch on track for delivery in Q3 CY2020 and expected to continue into
CY2021

3 July 2020 – Mobilicom Limited (Mobilicom, ASX: MOB) is pleased to announce it has completed the
development stage of the new Ground Controller Station (GCS) solution for the leading drone supplier
announced to the ASX on 18 December 2019, with the project now scaled up from its original scope.
Mobilicom delivered two series of prototype units for customer inspection/review, and completed
integration with the customer’s drones and fixed wing UAV (unmanned aerial vehicle) systems, and
passed the necessary reviews. Commercial manufacturing of the solution is now commencing and
Mobilicom expects to make its first commercial batch delivery in Q3 CY2020.
The customer selected Mobilicom as its vendor of choice for tactical drones and small Unmanned Aerial
Vehicles (sUAV), with Mobilicom supplying commercial Ground Control Stations under the contract. The
customer intends to offer Mobilicom’s new GCS solution with all of its drones and sUAV platforms projects
worldwide. Mobilicom expects additional orders in due course.
The customer has revenues of more than $3.6bn and is an international high technology company
engaged in a wide range of defense, homeland security and commercial programs throughout the world.
It is one of the largest suppliers of drones, sUAV and robotics outside of the US.
Mobilicom CEO Oren Elkayam said Mobilicom was now preparing for high volume production of its
Ground Controller Station solution.
“We are pleased this highly regarded company in the drone & unmanned systems sector has defined our
solution as its building block for all future small UAV and drone projects, and demonstrates our capacity
to meet the high specification needs of our clients,” he said.
Authorised for release by the Board of Mobilicom
For more information on Mobilicom, please contact:
Oren Elkayam
Mobilicom Ltd
oren.elkayam@mobilicom.com

For personal use only

Campbell McComb
Mobilicom Ltd
+61 402 358 060
campbell@auctusinvest.com
Matthew Wright
Investor Relations
+61 451 896 420
matt@nwrcommunications.com.au
About Mobilicom
Mobilicom Limited is a high-tech company that designs, develops and delivers communication solutions
for mission-critical and remote mobile private networks that can operate without the need for existing
infrastructure. Mobilicom products and technologies are based on an innovative approach that merges
4G and Mobile MESH technologies. Mobilicom offers a large solution portfolio that has been deployed
worldwide.
Mobilicom has two business entities. The first is Mobilicom’s core business entity, with solutions that cater
to mission-critical communication in the Government and Enterprise sector with applications in
unmanned platforms, disaster relief and public safety, and offshore and remote areas. The second is its
SkyHopper business entity, an end-to-end equipment and solution provider, which targets the
Commercial Drone & Robotics sector. SkyHopper’s holistic approach enables commercial drone and
robotics manufacturers to focus on their own business objectives by reducing time-to-market, minimizing
resource expenditures and increasing their chances for success.
https://mobilicom-ltd.com.au/

