For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
NB Global Corporate Income Trust announces Target Distribution for FY2021

03 July 2020, Sydney: Global investment manager Neuberger Berman, manager of the NB
Global Corporate Income Trust (ASX:NBI or “the Trust”), today announced NBI’s Target
Distribution1 for the upcoming financial year 2021 at a rate of 4.50% per annum (net of fees and
expenses), which equates to 0.696 cents per Unit paid monthly.
Despite declining interest rates across global fixed income markets, as central banks address
slowing global economies, and the significant impact of COVID 19, Head of Intermediary
Distribution for Neuberger Berman, Matt Thompson was pleased to note that not only was NBI
able to meet its Target Distribution for the financial year just ended on 30 June, but has also
announced a Target Distribution for the upcoming financial year, which remains highly
competitive against other sources of income.
In the past 12 months, we have seen the US Federal Reserve cut cash rates to near 0% and the
Reserve Bank of Australia cut rates to 0.25%. Moreover, the economic impact of COVID 19 has
seen companies suspend or significantly reduce their equity dividends. For investors looking for
a regular, consistent and predictable income stream, Mr Thompson added that fixed income
continues to provide an attractive entry point in periods of market dislocation.
While volatility in global markets have continued to decline in recent months, there remains
uncertainty around re-openings and the timing and magnitude of an economic recovery. Global
central banks have continued to support the credit market, led by the U.S. Federal Reserve
implementing measures such as purchasing corporate credit. Against this backdrop, Neuberger
Berman is continuing to find selective value opportunities in the high yield market.
“While conditions remain volatile, we believe credit, specifically actively managed high yield
corporate bonds, presents an opportune investment for investors based on current valuations,
historical performance patterns, and the specific characteristics of the current environment.”
added Mr Thompson.
NBI distributes monthly, with the first distribution of its FY2021 Target Distribution to be
announced at the end of July and paid in mid August.

1.

The Target Distribution is the distribution rate per annum (net of fees and expenses) on the NTA per Unit as at 1 July, which the
Trust targets for each upcoming 12 month period ending 30 June. It is only a target and may not be achieved. Actual
distributions will be monitored against the Target Distribution. The Target Distribution will be formally reviewed at least annually
(as at the end of each financial year) and any reduction in Target Distribution will be notified by way of ASX announcement as
required. Investors should review the “Risk Factors” set out in Section 8 of the Product Disclosure Statement dated 21 January
2020.

Mr Harvey H Kalman, Director of Equity Trustees Limited has authorised this document be given
to the ASX.

For personal use only

For further information please contact:
Boardroom Pty Limited
E: enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au
T: 1300 032 754 (within Australia)
T: +612 8023 5419 (outside Australia)

About Neuberger Berman
Neuberger Berman, founded in 1939, is a private, independent, employee-owned investment manager.
The firm manages a range of strategies—including equity, fixed income, quantitative and multi-asset
class, private equity, real estate and hedge funds—on behalf of institutions, advisors and individual
investors globally. With offices in 24 countries, Neuberger Berman’s diverse team has 2,300
professionals. For six consecutive years, the company has been named first or second in Pensions &
Investments Best Places to Work in Money Management survey (among those with 1,000 employees or
more). The firm was awarded an A+ in every category in the latest 2019 PRI report for our approach to
ESG integration across asset classes. The firm manages US$330 billion in client assets as of March 31,
2020. For more information, please visit our website at www.nb.com.
About Equity Trustees
Equity Trustees Limited (“Equity Trustees”) (ABN 46 004 031 298, AFSL 240975), is the Responsible
Entity for the NB Global Corporate Income Trust (“NBI”). Equity Trustees is a subsidiary of EQT Holdings
Limited (ABN 22 607 797 615), a publicly listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:
EQT). This release has been prepared by Neuberger Berman Australia Ltd (ABN 90 146 033 801)
(“Neuberger Berman”) to provide you with general information only. In preparing this release, Neuberger
Berman did not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any
particular person. It is not intended to take the place of professional advice and you should not take action
on specific issues in reliance on this release. Neither Neuberger Berman, Equity Trustees nor any of its
related parties, their employees or directors, provide any warranty of accuracy or reliability in relation to
such information or accepts any liability to any person who relies on it. Past performance should not be
taken as an indicator of future performance. You should obtain a copy of NBI’s latest Product Disclosure
Statement from its website (www.nb.com/nbi) before making a decision about whether to invest in NBI.
The information contained in this release is taken from publicly available sources that is subject to change
without notice. EQT and Neuberger Berman make no representation as to the reliability or accuracy of the
publicly available information.

