Neurotech

For personal use only

3 July 2020

Neurotech secures option to acquire global rights to
cannabis strains targeting autism

Highlights
-

Option to acquire an exclusive worldwide licence to use proprietary cannabis strains from Dolce
Cann Global Pty Ltd (‘Dolce’) for medicinal use in treating autism, epilepsy and ADHD

-

Complements NTI’s existing technology which provides medical neurofeedback therapy for use
in autism management

-

Dolce is a uniquely positioned Australian developer of medicinal cannabis, with proprietary
genetics sourced from 13 rare landrace chemovars developed over 20 years using selective
targeted breeding techniques

-

Genetic profiling of approximately 650 leaf cuttings from Dolce seedlings evidenced high levels
of specific cannabinoids including CBG and CBDV – recent published studies indicate potential
for these to target specific neurological disorders

-

NTI plans to commence in-vitro testing (human cell in laboratory) on 15 priority strains targeting
autism and other neurological disorders in August / September 2020

-

If initial testing is successful, NTI intends to partner with a leading Australian university to
commence clinical trials utilising both the Dolce cannabis strains and its own proprietary Mente
Autism neurofeedback device which analyses brain wave activity

Neurotech International Limited (ASX: NTI) ("Neurotech" or "the Company") is pleased to announce it has
secured an option to acquire an exclusive worldwide licence to utilise proprietary cannabis strains from Dolce
Cann Global Pty Ltd (‘Dolce’) for medicinal use in treating neurological disorders including autism, epilepsy and
ADHD.
Australian-based Dolce has proprietary genetics sourced from 13 rare chemovars and bolstered over the past
20 years by selective breeding targeted for distinct purposes such as cultivation method, climate, yield,
phytochemical content and harvested products including flower, seed, fibre or biomass.
Recent profiling of leaf cuttings from 650 seedlings of Dolce genetics evidenced high levels of cannabinoids
CBG, CBC, CBN and CBDV among others. Recent studies have indicated the potential for these cannabinoids
to target neurological disorders.
Neurotech Chairman Mark Davies said: “Neurotech has been researching in the field of autism and other
neurological disorders for more than five years as it developed its Mente autism device. With more
evidence pointing to the potential for certain cannabinoids to help treat neurological disorders, it makes
Neurotech International Ltd
ABN 73 610 205 402
Suite 5 CPC, 145 Stirling Highway
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009
www.neurotechinternational.com

sense for us to explore this possibility through this agreement with leading cannabis genetics breeder
Dolce and we are excited to get started on this research over the coming months.”

For personal use only

A key feature of the targeted Dolce strains is plant profiles with less than 0.3% THC (on average). Investigating
cannabis research options for children with autism without the potential psychoactive effects of THC is a key
component of NTI’s proposed new project pathway. NTI believes that a combined approach to autism treatment,
potentially combining the technology of its own Mente device with Dolce cannabis strains could lead to new
treatment options becoming available as trials progress.
Dolce plans to engage Australia’s leading cannabis testing laboratory, ACS Laboratories (Australia) (‘ACS’), to
undergo genetic profiling of some of their selected cannabis strains. ACS will also profile Dolce strains for the
recently discovered cannabinoids THCp and CBDp as an Australian first.
Dolce has more than 60 elite clones undergoing validation for Plant Breeders Rights approval under the
International Union for the Protection of New Varieties of Plants (UPOV) and potential utility patents in the USA.
Dolce’s ability to demonstrate its genetic development over the past 20 years puts the Company in a very strong
position to secure worldwide IP protection regarding any cannabis strains that are ultimately successful as part
of the NTI collaboration.
Proposed Project Pathway
Neurotech has designed a three-stage work program to investigate the use of Dolce’s proprietary cannabis
strains in treating the Neuro Disorders. The work program is proposed to be as follows;
1. In vitro assay assessments - neuronal or muscle cell line assessments
Analytical assessments and validation program to be completed in collaboration with ACS labs. These
studies are to assess:
- Dose response studies
- Upper level of toxicity assessments
- Mechanism of action profiling
- Selection of top candidates
2. Small scale human clinical trials
To be conducted in conjunction with a leading Australian University on the following basis:
- Open label – single group
- Compassionate use scheme to receive entry into clinic via accelerated pathway
- Collaboration with senior clinical advisors
- Submission to the TGA and relevant regulatory bodies
3. Product formulation and final dose profiling
To be conducted in collaboration with Medipharm Australia;
- Entry into market
- White label or own label development

All three stages will run in accordance with all applicable Australian regulatory requirements and standards.

Neurotech International Ltd
ABN 73 610 205 402
Suite 5 CPC, 145 Stirling Highway
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009
www.neurotechinternational.com

Medicinal Cannabis and Autism

For personal use only

Research around the world is currently examining a number of phytocannabinoids to determine their influence
over the brain’s CB1 and CB2 receptors. There are indicators that phytocannabinoids can stimulate the
endocannabinoid system and send targeted signals throughout the body to address health conditions. Ultimately
NTI believes that a combined approach to Autism treatment with its own Mente device and potentially Dolce
cannabis strains could lead to new treatment options becoming available as trials progress.
Of the 120+ phytochemicals that are found in the cannabis plant, recent studies have suggested that CBDV and
CBG cannabinoids, either in isolation or in a high yielding whole plant extract, may provide possible targeted
relief from neurological disorders including autism. Much further research is required to translate some of the
promising findings into ultimately proving the effectiveness of these compounds as treatment options but NTI
believes that the combination of the Dolce cannabis strains and its proprietary Mente neurofeedback device may
provide a unique research option which will be undertaken later in the year during clinical trials on the basis of
in-vitro success.
While research on cannabis and autism is still in its early stages, a number of new studies are now in trial.
(http://www.mammausa.org/human-clinical-trials-using-cannabis-for-autism.html) Israel (which legalised
medical marijuana in 1992) is leading the way in researching the effectiveness of cannabis in reducing both
seizures and behavioural challenges (https://www.freethink.com/articles/marijuana-and-autism).
In 2019, Israel's Ben Gurion University of the Negev released a study that shows a promising connection
between cannabis and autism. The study followed 188 children with autism, aged 18 and under, for six months
as they used cannabis oil for autism symptoms. The oil contained 30% cannabidiol oil (CBD) and 1.5%
tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). According to the study, after six months of treatment more than 80% of participants
reported "significant or moderate improvement".
Patients experienced various cognitive improvements including concentration and sleep. Behavioural
challenges and co-morbidities often associated with autism, including seizures, restlessness, and rage attacks,
were also significantly improved by the cannabis treatment according to the study. The study also found that
cannabis also improved the ability to complete daily tasks such as the ability to dress and shower without help.
NTI’s proposed trials are unique on a number of levels with the use of more esoteric cannabinoids (such as
CBDV and CBG), lower THC and importantly, the use of the Company’s Mente feedback device which can track
actual brainwave responses as trials are undertaken.
Cannabidivarin (CBDV)
The clinical use of CBDV in epilepsy (https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28188044/ ) is well known and in Autism
to a lesser extent to date given the timing of a number of recent studies commencing involving cannabinoids
and autism.
While compounds such as THC modulate most of their physiological effects via binding with the CB1 and CB2
receptors, cannabinoids such as CBDV, which have anticonvulsant actions, use mechanisms not involving either
receptor.
It is believed that CBDV’s anti-epileptic activity is modulated by the cannabinoid’s effects on the capsaicin
receptor, TRPV1. Along with CBD, CBDV has shown an ability to dose-dependently activate and desensitise
the TRPA1, TRPV1, and TRPV2 channels. By desensitizing these ion channels, these molecules cause a
neuronal hyperexcitability reduction, a fact that helps reduce epileptic activity and associated seizures. This
application then extends to Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) given that ASD and intractable childhood epilepsy

Neurotech International Ltd
ABN 73 610 205 402
Suite 5 CPC, 145 Stirling Highway
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009
www.neurotechinternational.com

are closely connected.
The chemovar profiles of Dolce are unique in their properties and to NTI’s knowledge, no studies have been
undertaken with similar type profiles and a continued neuro feedback device. Targeted improvements in potential
clinical studies would include social functioning, communication problems and repetitive behavioural issues.

For personal use only

Cannabigerol (CBG)
Unlike CBD, which has a relatively low affinity for cannabinoid receptors and acts mostly through indirect
interactions with the endocannabinoid system, CBG is thought to elicit its therapeutic effects directly
though interaction
with
the
CB1
and
CB2
cannabinoid
receptors
in
the
brain
(https://www.crescolabs.com/cannabinoids/cbg/)
The psychoactive cannabinoid THC also produces its psychoactive effects though interactions with these
receptors; CBG has been observed to work as a buffer to THC’s psychactivity and can even alleviate the feelings
of paranoia that sometimes come with consumption of high levels of THC.
Research is relatively sparse regarding the therapeutic benefits of CBG, when compared to the apparent wealth
of information available on THC and CBD within the cannabis science community. But there are early studies
linking the compound to a whole host of potential therapeutic uses including ASD treatments as part of a whole
plant “entourage” approach with higher percentages of CBG. The Dolce chemovars assayed to date have shown
significant commercial yields for CBG when compared to other available strains.
Agreement Terms
NTI has the right to acquire an exclusive worldwide licence to utilise Dolce’s proprietary cannabis strains (both
existing and new variations as developed) for medicinal use in treating autism, epilepsy and ADHD (‘License’)
on the following basis:
(a)

paying a non-refundable deposit of $50,000 to Dolce’s nominated bank account on or before 10
July 2020;

(b)

expending $200,000 in accordance with an agreed budget;

(c)

NTI to have standard rights of pre-emption and first rights of refusal in respect of Dolce’s Cannabis
Strains and all Intellectual Property Rights associated with the Cannabis Strains.

(d)

In consideration of NTI acquiring the licence, Dolce or its nominees will be entitled to be issued the
following securities by NTI and grant of royalty as consideration:
i.
33,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in NTI and 33,000,000 unlisted options (exercisable
at $0.01 each and expiring 31 Jan 2023);
ii.
33,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in NTI upon successful stage 1 in-vitro assay
assessments being completed;
iii.
33,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in NTI upon successful stage 1 clinical trials being
completed; and
iv.
Dolce (or nominees) will also be entitled to a 2.5% net sales royalty in respect of all sales
which utilise the cannabis strains for neuro disorders.

If at any time after spending the $200,000 and issuing any of the shares as per clause (d) above, NTI elects not
to pursue the project with continued funding and support, Dolce will have the right to buy back 100% of the
project and all associated intellectual property by providing NTI with the royalty set out in clause (d) (iv) above.
The royalty will be capped at $5,000,000 if NTI has not spent more than $1,000,000 in cash on the project before

Neurotech International Ltd
ABN 73 610 205 402
Suite 5 CPC, 145 Stirling Highway
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009
www.neurotechinternational.com

Dolce elects to buy back in accordance with this clause.
Placement

For personal use only

In conjunction with the transaction, the Company has received firm commitments for a placement of 100 million
shares at 0.5c per share to raise $500,000. The funds will be applied to the above transaction, the Company’s
existing Mente operations and general working capital. The placement will be in two tranches with 32.25 million
shares being issued under the Company’s Listing Rule 7.1 capacity with the balance being subject to
shareholder approval to be sought at a general meeting of shareholders to be called shortly. A prospectus for
the placement will be issued shortly.
The Company has also agreed, subject to shareholder approval, to issue 5,000,000 shares and 5,000,000
options (exercisable at $0.01 each and expiring 31 Jan 2023) to Crown Luggers Pty Ltd, the introducer of this
acquisition opportunity.
Conversion of Debt to Equity
The Company will also seek shareholder approval for the issue of shares in lieu of debts owed to directors.
Approval will be sought for the issue of shares at a deemed issue price equal of 0.802c per share (being the 5
day VWAP of trading in NTI shares leading up to this announcement) in satisfaction of $283,500 in accrued
directors fees.
Authority
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Directors of the Company.

Further Information
Mark Davies
Chairman

md@1861capital.com.au

+61 413137887
Winton Willesee
Non-Executive Director
winton@azc.com.au
+61 410 667 844

About Neurotech
Neurotech International Limited is a medical device and solutions company incorporated in Australia and
operating through its wholly-owned, Malta-based subsidiary AAT Research Limited. Neurotech’s primary
mission is to improve the lives of people with neurological conditions, with in home-use and clinical
neurotechnology solutions that are both accessible and affordable. Through flagship device Mente and its
associated platform, Neurotech is focused on facilitating the development and commercialisation of
technological solutions for the screening and treatment of symptoms associated with conditions such as autism.
Mente is the world’s first home therapy that is clinically proven to increase engagement and improve relaxation
in autistic children with elevated Delta band brain activity. For more information about Neurotech and Mente
Autism please visit:

htt p:/ / www.neurotechinternationa l.com.
ht tp:// www.mentetech.com.

Neurotech International Ltd
ABN 73 610 205 402
Suite 5 CPC, 145 Stirling Highway
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009
www.neurotechinternational.com

