For personal use only

3 July 2020

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
Conversion of convertible securities in Votiro into ordinary shares
Senetas Corporation Limited (ASX: SEN) (Senetas), today announces that the USD8 million
convertible notes (Notes) that it previously subscribed for in Votiro Cybersec Global Pty Limited
(Votiro) have automatically converted into ordinary shares in accordance with the terms of the
Notes. Senetas also held 3 convertible preference shares which have also converted into ordinary
shares in Votiro.
As a result of the above conversions, Senetas will hold 57.4% of shares in Votiro on a fully diluted
basis if all issued options under the Votiro ESOP were vested and exercised.
The investment in Votiro is a further expansion of Senetas’s security product suite and represents a
significant opportunity for growth. Founded in 2010 by former cybersecurity experts in the Israel
Defence Force, Votiro is a leading CDR (content disarm and reconstruction) company.
Votiro’s patented CDR technology is designed to protect businesses from sophisticated threats in
attachments and files from all communications channels.
The Votiro CDR technology
automatically scans and sanitises each and every file sent or shared with the organisation. Votiro’s
primary target markets in the near term are Japan, APAC and North America. The 2020 financial
year saw the first sales of Votiro’s CDR product in North America, and Votiro expects that market
will become Votiro’s largest sales market within the next 12-18 months.
Accordingly to build sales in the North American market Votiro has established a US based sales
presence, and the team recently welcomed a new Head of Sales.
Votiro’s R&D team has recently completed an upgrade to its CDR technology to become a rapid
deployment virtual appliance, further broadening the market opportunity for its products. The first
deployment of the new product was delivered successfully in the US in May.
While the impact of COVID-19 has delayed some sales closures in recent months, Votiro has been
encouraged by ongoing customer interest in its products, including requests for proof of concept
deployments. Existing customers are also continuing to expand their user bases, with one financial
services company having now increased its user base for Votiro’s CDR technology to over 30,000
users.
This announcement was authorised for release by Andrew Wilson, CEO of Senetas.

END
For further information please contact:
Chris Knorr
Market Eye
M: +61 417 033 623
E: chris.knorr@marketeye.com.au

For personal use only

ABOUT SENETAS CORPORATION LIMITED
Senetas is an Australian listed public company (ASX:SEN) and a leading developer of highperformance encryption security solutions. From certified high-assurance hardware and
virtualised encryption for data networks, to the most secure file-sharing collaboration application
providing data sovereignty control; all are based on the Senetas crypto-agile, quantum-ready
platform.
Senetas security solutions are trusted to protect business enterprises, governments, defence,
technology service providers and critical national infrastructure against data breaches and
cyber-attacks. Leveraging end-to-end encryption and state-of-the-art key management, they
provide long-term data protection without compromising network and application
performance, or user experience.
➢

CN Series Hardware Encryption: Certified, high-assurance and network independent encryption for
core network and IT infrastructure.

Certified by leading independent authorities (Common Criteria, FIPS and NATO), CN Series highperformance encryptors provide maximum data protection and security for public and private
networks. Their designed-in agility protects mixed network types and topologies. Operating from
ultra-fast 100Gbps to modest 10Mbps bandwidths, they feature near-zero latency and
overheads.
➢

CV Series Virtualised Encryption: Scalable, flexible and crypto-agile encryption for virtual customer
premises equipment and wide area networks.

Scalable to hundreds of endpoints, the CV Series is a software version of the trusted Senetas
encryption platform. Network independent, it delivers concurrent, policy-based multi-Layer
encryption at up to 5Gbps. It is ideally suited to cloud, distributed and software-defined
networks. The CV Series enables flexible licence based deployment to ensure data protection to
the network virtual edge.
➢

SureDrop Encrypted File-Sharing Collaboration: The secure file-sharing collaboration application with
100% data sovereignty control and more.

SureDrop has the usability of box-type file sharing and other collaboration tools, with the added
benefits of end-to-end encryption security and 100% sovereign data location control. It may be
deployed as an on-premises or service provider SaaS solution. SureDrop is also available with
Votiro Disarmer; the award-winning file content sanitisation tool. It protects against all types of
malicious content, malware and zero-day attacks.
Senetas encryption solutions have been trusted to protect much of the world’s most sensitive
information for more than 20 years. They are used to protect everything from government and
defence secrets to intellectual property, financial transactions, citizen privacy to real-time CCTV
networks and infrastructure SCADA control systems.
Senetas encryption solutions are used in more than 40 countries. They are distributed and
supported internationally by Thales, and in Australia and New Zealand by Senetas and its partner
community.
www.senetas.com

2

