For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
ASX: SMN
3rd July 2020

SMS Group Update – Summary of Exceptional Annual Results and Further
Material Progress to Pivotal STC

Structural Monitoring Systems Plc (“SMS” or “the Company”) (ASX: SMN) is pleased to provide a
further detailed, and full year-to-date, Group performance summary - as achieved through the
2019/20 Financial Year. As previously detailed, and despite historically unprecedented global
headwinds and operational adversity, the SMS Group has not only achieved remarkable
financial results, but has concurrently logged substantial progress towards the Company’s nearterm aim of realising full commercial, and global, capability for the CVM™ technology platform
via the attainment of FAA Supplemental Type Certificate (“STC”) status in 2020.
AEM Full-Year Financial Performance:
-

Full-year 2020 Sales at $A18.961 million (+10.7% vs FY-2019)

-

Normalised full-year EBITDA at circa-$A4.400 million (+24.6% vs FY-2019)

-

June-20 records $A1.850 million in revenue to close the 2020 financial year

-

Very strong cash generation realized for 2019/20, and during Q2-2020 especially

Wholly-owned SMS subsidiary, Anodyne Electronics Manufacturing Corp (“AEM”), logged
another very solid month in June, recording $A1.850 million in revenue to close the 2020 financial
year at $A18.961 million total revenue, an increase of 10.7% over FY-2019.

AEM achieved normalised EBITDA of approximately $A4.400 million for the full year, an increase
of 24.6% over FY-2019. 1 Cash generation through the final quarter was also extremely pleasing,
with AEM’s closing cash on-hand balance registering $A1.399 million, (i.e. $A1.213 million in net
cash generated in Q2-2020 alone). Total year-end SMS Group cash-at-bank thus stood at
$A2.113 million – an extraordinary outcome given the extreme global environment.

1

These standout preliminary results are based on unaudited management accounts, and are calculated after eliminating intercompany sales and adjusting for SMS R&D costs carried by AEM together with an adjustment to account for the implementation of
IRFS 16 Leases in July 2019.

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
ASX: SMN
3rd July 2020

The 2020 revenue and profitability achieved by AEM is a remarkable accomplishment particularly in light of the unprecedented challenges present in the global aviation market
together with the operating impact imposed by COVID-19 on holistic commercial platforms. The
outcomes achieved by AEM duly reflect the combined and sustained efforts of a very
experienced, professional and dedicated personnel team in Kelowna, BC, Canada.

Looking forward, AEM will continue to focus on the development of new-generation product
solutions - primarily focused on the global rotorcraft markets. R&D spend (currently circa-10% of
sales) will thus rise to circa-13% of sales over the upcoming financial year, as AEM continues to
add to its pipeline of new products under development - targeting several of the largest global
aerospace OEMs. The SMS Board and executive management are highly optimistic in regards to
the significant growth opportunities these new product solutions will provide - particularly given
the scale of the addressable markets for these products globally.
Further, AEM’s actual sales orders for the full forthcoming Q3-2020 (i.e. Q1-FY2020/21) are
already very firm, and measurably ahead of forward orders recorded at the same time last year.
These early indications, together with the launching of an exciting suite of new AEM-developed
products (referred to above) later in this calendar year, provides the Company with genuine
optimism concerning the broad Group outlook over the coming financial year, and beyond.
CVM™ Commercialisation Update and Outlook:
The Company’s direct FAA contacts have indicated that the required official feedback to Delta
Engineering’s (“DE”) initial response pack related to the approved Issue Paper (“IP”) has already
been prepared and internally submitted within the FAA. Additional required FAA personnel
responses, if any, have also been gathered – and these will go back to the FAA’s New York
Aircraft Certification Office (“ACO”). This is expected to be completed within the next two weeks.
Personnel from the Company’s strategic partners, DE and Sandia National Laboratories
(“Sandia”), are fully prepared and ready for testing to commence in the coming month, despite
current COVID-19 restrictions, and a 14-day quarantine requirement after any public
transportation is utilised prior to arrival at the USAF base in Albuquerque, adjacent to Sandia’s
New Mexico testing facility. As SMS will require key personnel to witness and oversee all testing
regimes, the Company has already planned to have our key personnel travel to NM via private
transport, to avoid this 14-day quarantine requirement.
Concurrently, the required pre-validation CVM™ installation on a Delta Air Lines (“Delta”) aircraft
has been discussed in detail (a requirement for the completed STC), and the necessary
production of CVM™ installation kits is already underway, Similarly, several Delta aircraft have

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
ASX: SMN
3rd July 2020

already been short-listed for the installation, and a final decision for the selected aircraft will be
made during the month of July.
Additionally, Sandia and SMS/AEM technical staff continue work on preparing supporting data
and further analysis of past SMS CVM™ program data to satisfy some of the data requirements
in the IP. To this end, technical focus is on additional accumulated B737-NG center wing-box
data (derived from the Company’s prior multi-aircraft Delta B737-NG CVM installation Program).
This data has now been collected, collated and provided up to, and including, 2020 collection
points all the way from the Programme’s inception date.
2ku Wi-Fi Program Specifics:
All necessary work requirements are proceeding as planned along the STC approval path for the
2ku Wi-Fi system. The program is on-schedule, and is currently well into Stage III - while some of
the Stage IV effort has already been submitted to the FAA.
Over the past month, SMS and DE personnel have completed all required documents and
analyses, and submitted all information required by the FAA to proceed, as planned, through
the STC process. SMS is now awaiting routine feedback from the FAA re the Certification Plan,
the Issue Paper, and the Test Plan. SMS has already submitted the important Failure Modes and
Effects Analysis (“FMEA”), and continues to compile supporting historical data for the
Organisation
Designation
Authorisation
(“ODA”)
and
the
FAA,
as
required.
SMS, Sandia and DE have acquired, and collaborated on, the preliminary fatigue testing results
of test specimens, and utilized those results to further align the stress loads and decision thresholds
for the upcoming formal performance testing that will begin once the FAA approves the Test
Plan.
As mentioned above, production of CVM™ sensors and associated peripheral parts has already
begun, in anticipation of the inaugural 2ku Wi-Fi installation on a Delta B737-800 aircraft. A
number of potential installation facilities have been identified throughout the USA, and with all
candidate aircraft conveniently parked at present, the current timeframe presents an
opportunity to efficiently complete this pivotal first installation, and the required subsequent STC
inspection process.

For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
ASX: SMN
3rd July 2020

CVM™ Commercialisation Summary:
As communicated in prior Releases, and despite the extraordinarily arduous global operating
environment, SMS - and the Company’s key strategic counterparties - remain well on-track to
deliver a highly significant commercial milestone within the time parameters that have been
previously communicated, pending a reasonable (and expected) response time from the FAA.
This would see Stage IV of the IP - and full required ancillary testing - completed in Q3-2020, with
full STC-approval expected shortly thereafter in Q4-2020.
This announcement is authorised by the Board.
Disclaimer

This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, operations and business of
the Group and certain plans and objectives of the management of SMS. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use
of forward-looking terminology, including, without limitation, the terms “believes”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “expects, “predicts”,
“intends”, “plans”, “goals”, “targets”, “aims”, “outlook”, “guidance”, “forecasts”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could” or “should” or, in
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that
are not historical facts.
Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which because of their nature
may cause the actual results or performance of the Group to be materially different from the results or performance expressed or
implied by such forward looking statements. Such forward looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the
Group’s present and future business strategies and the political and economic environment in which the Group will operate in the
future, which may not be reasonable, and are not guarantees or predictions of future performance. No representation is made that
any of these statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved, or that there is a reasonable basis
for any of these statements or forecasts.

Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date of this presentation and to the full extent permitted by law, SMS, and their
respective affiliates and related bodies corporate and each of their respective Related Parties and intermediaries disclaim any
obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to information to reflect any change in any of the information
contained in this presentation (including, but not limited to, any assumptions or expectations set out in the presentation).
Financial Information
Any pro forma and forecast financial information provided in this announcement is for illustrative purposes only and do not represent
a forecast or expectation as to the Group’s future financial condition and/or performance. This document has been prepared at
a time where the review of financial information contained in this presentation has not been completed and accordingly, you
should only rely on any forecast or expectation as to the Group’s future financial condition and/or performance that is contained
in a prospectus or other offering document which may be issued by SMS in connection with any offer of SMS securities.

For further information, please contact:
Sam Wright
Company Secretary
P: +61 08 6161 7412
E: sam@straightlines.net.au
Steve Forman
Head of Investor Relations
P: +1 917 319 7291
E: s.forman@smsystems.com.au
www.smsystems.com.au

