19 Creative Street
Wangara WA 6065
Telephone: +61 8 9302 1922
www.advancedbraking.com

For personal use only

ASX RELEASE

3 July 2020

ASX code: ABV

ABT licences a braking solution for the Thales Australia Hawkei PMV-L project
•

ABT enters into a Technology Licence Agreement with VEEM Ltd to provide a braking solution
for the Hawkei PMV-L project

•

Demonstrates ABT’s engineering capability to meet stringent defence standards

•

Provides ABT with the ability to engage with other international specialised fleet providers with
our customised design solutions

Advanced Braking Technology Limited (ASX: ABV) (‘ABT’ or ‘the Company’) is pleased to advise that it has
entered into a Technology Licence Agreement with VEEM Ltd (ASX: VEE) (‘VEEM’) for VEEM to
manufacture and supply ABT’s specialised park brake mechanism for Thales’ Hawkei Protected Mobility
Vehicle – Light project.
The Customer, Thales Australia Limited (‘Thales’) is part of the Thales Group, the world leading aerospace,
defence, transport and security technology company headquartered in Paris, France. Thales Group is
listed on Euronext, Paris (Code:HO). VEEM (Licensee) is a long time manufacturer and supplier to the
defence industry and operates a world-class manufacturing and fabrication facility in Canning Vale,
Western Australia.
Background
In May 2019, ABT was selected to provide brake related design, prototype development and testing
services to Thales, who have been contracted by the Commonwealth of Australia to supply 1,100 Hawkei
PMV-L vehicles as part of the LAND 121 project. For further details please refer to the ASX announcement
dated 13 May 2019.
This initial contract with Thales represented the first phase of a two phase process, whereby upon the
successful design and testing of a prototype (Phase 1), ABT would be invited to participate in the tender
for the manufacture and supply of 1,100 specialised hill-hold park brake mechanisms that will be fitted to
each Hawkei vehicle (Phase 2).
Following the successful design and testing of a prototype, ABT has been working closely with Thales to
determine how the Company was best placed to participate in the manufacture and supply phase. It was
agreed that ABT would participate through a Technology Licence Agreement that protects its Intellectual
Property and provides the best risk and return outcome.
ABT’s design solution provided to Thales includes Intellectual Property previously developed by the
Company, which is being utilised in the proven and trusted Failsafe brake that has been used extensively
within both the Australian and international mining sectors over many years.

Advanced Braking Technology Ltd (ABN 66 099 107 623)
Email: info.perth@advancedbraking.com

Technology Licence Agreement with VEEM
Details of the agreement are as follows:
Advanced Braking Pty Ltd

Licensee:

VEEM Ltd

For personal use only

Licensor:

Term:

The earlier of 29 April 2022 or the date VEEM sells 1,100 Products

Services:

Licence the manufacture and supply of 1,100 park brake mechanisms for the Hawkei Light
Protected Mobility Vehicle (‘Products’)

Value:

approximately $630,000 in licence and engineering support fees and product revenue for
the supply of specified components for 1,100 brake mechanisms

Customer:

Thales Australia Limited

In addition, ABT will supply spare parts and consumables for the life of product.
The contract value to ABT across both the Phase 1 (completed) and Phase 2 contracts, total approximately
$760,000 (excluding the supply of spare parts and consumables).
The signing of this contract achieves a strategic objective of further diversifying our customer base and
the industries in which we provide innovative braking solutions. Importantly, ABT will now have a
competitive advantage to offer our customised design solution services to other international specialised
fleet providers. This allows ABT to be recognised as an Original Equipment Manufacturer (‘OEM’) product
designer, which will open up further growth opportunities. International specialised fleets include vehicles
used in military applications, humanitarian support and emergency services.
Thales Australia CEO Chris Jenkins commented “This is a great example of Australian design and
engineering excellence from an SME adding capability to what is already a world class Australian designed
and manufactured military vehicle. The collaborative approach taken by both ABT and the Thales
Protected Vehicle team to design and develop a braking solution for use on the Hawkei is a great credit to
both organisations”.
ABT CEO, Mr John Annand further commented, “ABT greatly values the opportunity to be working with
both Thales and VEEM to assist in delivering the world class Hawkei vehicle to the Commonwealth of
Australia. The collaboration between ABT and Thales during the design and development phase has
achieved an outstanding result and demonstrates that ABT has the engineering capability to meet the
stringent defence standards required for a project of this nature. ABT looks forward to continuing the
relationships developed with both Thales and VEEM well into the future.”
This release is authorised by the Board of Directors.
- ENDS–

For further information, please contact:
Mr. John Annand
Chief Executive Officer
T: +61 (0) 8 9302 1922
www.advancedbraking.com
Advanced Braking Technology Ltd (ABN 66 099 107 623)
Email:info.perth@advancedbraking.com

About Advanced Braking Technology

For personal use only

Advanced Braking Technology Ltd (ABT) designs, manufactures and distributes its innovative braking solutions
worldwide. From its head office in Perth, Western Australia, ABT continues to develop its product portfolio for a
diverse range of industries that have a strong requirement for safety and environmental responsibility, including
the mining, defence, civil construction and waste management industries.
ABT’s innovative braking solutions are well known for their unparalleled safety, improved productivity, zero
emissions and durability in the world’s harshest conditions. As its reputation has grown, demand for ABT's brakes
has expanded internationally with its braking solutions being used in all seven continents across the globe.
About VEEM
VEEM is a designer and manufacturer of disruptive, high-technology marine propulsion and stabilization systems
for the global luxury motor yacht, fast ferry, commercial workboat and defence industries. VEEM is also a longterm manufacturer and supplier of precision equipment to the defence industry.
Proudly headquartered in Perth, Western Australia, VEEM operates from a 14,700sqm purpose-built fabrication
and manufacturing facility, including Australia’s largest non-ferrous foundry. VEEM employs approximately 180
staff in Australia, including graduates and apprentices, and maintains a highly skilled research and development
team in-house. Celebrating its 50th anniversary in business in 2018, VEEM listed on the Australian Securities
Exchange in 2016. www.veem.com.au

Advanced Braking Technology Ltd (ABN 66 099 107 623)
Email:info.perth@advancedbraking.com

