For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
By e-lodgement
3 July 2020

Response to Jacka Announcement
African focussed gold and graphite explorer and developer Volt Resources Limited (ASX: VRC) (“Volt” or
“the Company”) notes the announcement by Jacka Resources Limited (ASX:JKA) (“Jacka”) on 3 July 2020
in relation to moneys allegedly owing from the vendors of the Luiri Hill Gold Project pursuant to a nonbinding Letter of Intent.
The Company notes the following:
•
•

Volt is not a party to any arrangements between Jacka and the Zambian vendors; and
The Jacka announcement notes that their arrangements with the Zambian vendors was pursuant
to a non-binding Letter of Intent, such that it does not have any impact on the transaction the
subject of the Binding Term Sheet entered into between Volt and the Zambian vendors in respect
to the Luiri Hill Gold Project (as announced to ASX on 21 May 2020).

The Company is close to completing its due diligence in respect of the acquisition of the Luiri Hill Gold
Project, with a meeting of Volt shareholders to consider the issue of the consideration shares in respect of
the proposed acquisition scheduled to be held at 10.00am Monday 20 July 2020.
-ENDS-

Authorised by:
Trevor Matthews
Managing Director
Volt Resources Limited
For further information please contact:
Trevor Matthews
Managing Director
Tel: +61 8 9486 7788

Follow us on Twitter @ASXVolt

Volt Resources Limited ACN 106 353 253
Level 25, Suite 10, 108 St. Georges Terrace
Perth WA 6000 Phone: +61 (0)8 9486 7788

About Volt Resources Limited

For personal use only

Volt Resources Limited (“Volt”) is a graphite and gold exploration and development company listed on the Australian
Stock Exchange under the ASX code VRC. Volt is currently focused on the exploration and development of its whollyowned Bunyu Graphite Project in Tanzania and its combination of highly prospective grass roots gold exploration
permits in Guinea together with an 85% interest in an advanced gold project in Zambia that has near term
development potential.
The Bunyu Graphite Project is ideally located near to critical infrastructure with sealed roads running through the
project area and ready access to the deep-water port of Mtwara 140km from the Project. In 2018, Volt reported the
completion of the Feasibility Study (“FS”) into the Stage 1 development of the Bunyu Graphite Project. The Stage 1
development is based on a mining and processing plant annual throughput rate of 400,000 tonnes of ore to produce
on average 23,700tpa of graphite products1. A key objective of the Stage 1 development is to establish infrastructure
and market position in support of the development of the significantly larger Stage 2 expansion project at Bunyu.
During May 2020 Volt entered into two acquisition agreements as part of a strategy to develop a gold business. Initially
Volt acquired the Guinea Gold Projects which comprise 6 highly prospective permits in Guinea, West Africa. The
projects are located in the in the Siguiri Basin, which forms part of the richly mineralised West African Birimian Gold
Belt. Secondly Volt acquired an 85% interest in the advanced Luiri Hill Gold Project located in Zambia. The Luiri Hill
Project is an advanced gold project with considerable drilling and studies already undertaken. The Matala and
Dunrobin deposits, which collectively form the Luiri Hill Project, have a Mineral Resource estimate of 10.2 million
tonnes at 2.6g/t gold for 851,000 ounces of gold with the potential to be developed into a medium scale gold mine in
the short term2.
The creation of a new gold business provides Volt shareholders with the opportunity to participate in the potential
value accretion from gold exploration and development activities, particularly through leveraging the Company’s
existing extensive networks in Africa.
Both acquisitions are currently undergoing due diligence by Volt and are subject to shareholder approval for the issue
of shares as consideration for the acquisitions.

1
Refer to Volt’s ASX announcement titled “Positive Stage 1 Feasibility Study Bunyu Graphite Project” dated 31 July 2018. The Company confirms
that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in this document and that all material
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates continue to apply and have not materially changed.
2
Refer to ASX announcement titled “Luiri Hill Gold Project Resource Estimate 851,000 ounces” dated 25 June 2020. The Company confirms that it
is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in this document and that all material assumptions
and technical parameters underpinning the estimates continue to apply and have not materially changed.

