Level 15, 141 Walker Street
North Sydney NSW 2060 Australia
Telephone: +61 2 8923 6866
www.worley.com
Worley Limited
ABN 17 096 090 158

For personal use only

3 July 2020
ASX release
WORLEY LIMITED (WORLEY)
(ASX: WOR)

Worley has been awarded a services contract by BASF for a new battery material plant in Finland

BASF SE (BASF) has awarded Worley a services contract for its European battery material investment
project in Finland. The project is to build a plant that will produce precursor battery material for the
European market. The plant will be powered by electricity generated from renewable energy sources such
as hydro, wind and biomass.

Under the contract, Worley will provide engineering, procurement and construction management services.
This follows Worley’s completion of the early engineering and design services for this project. The plant will
be built in Harjavalta, Finland, to produce battery material for the fast‐growing electric vehicle market.
Worley will execute the services in Finland, through an integrated organization with BASF, and with support
from our global integrated delivery team.
“As a global professional services company headquartered in Australia, we are pleased to continue
supporting BASF in the European battery production market. We help our customers adapt to the world’s
changing energy needs and achieve their renewable energy goals, so this is a strategically significant project
for Worley,” said Chris Ashton, Chief Executive Officer of Worley.

Authorised for release by Nuala O’Leary, Group Company Secretary.
For further information, please contact:

Veréna Preston
Group Director Investor Relations
Ph: +61 7 3239 7461
investor.relations@worley.com
www.worley.com

About Worley: Worley delivers projects, provides expertise in engineering, procurement and construction
and offers a wide range of consulting and advisory services. We cover the full lifecycle, from creating new
assets to sustaining and enhancing operating assets, in the hydrocarbons, mining, mineral, metals,
chemicals, power and infrastructure sectors. Our resources and energy are focused on responding to and
meeting the needs of our customers over the long term and thereby creating value for our shareholders.

Worley Limited is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: WOR).

