For personal use only

For personal use only

6 July 2020
Reference: 20178
Mr Grant Mooney
Company Secretary
Aurora Labs Limited
By email: grant@mooney.net.au
Dear Mr Mooney
Aurora Labs Limited (‘A3D’): Price and Volume - Query
ASX refers to the following:
A. The change in the price of A3D’s securities from a low of $0.074 to a high of $0.12 today.
B. The significant increase in the volume of A3D’s securities traded today, 6 July 2020.
Request for information
In light of this, ASX asks A3D to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is A3D aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known
by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is A3D relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1?
Please note that the recent trading in A3D’s securities would suggest to ASX that such
information may have ceased to be confidential and therefore A3D may no longer be able to rely
on Listing Rule 3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us
immediately to discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that A3D may have for the recent trading
in its securities?
4. Please confirm that A3D is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that A3D’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of A3D with delegated
authority from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 1:00 PM AWST Monday, 6 July 2020. You should note that if the information
requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, A3D’s obligation is to disclose the information
‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require A3D to request a trading halt immediately.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsCompliancePerth@asx.com.au. It should not be sent
directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm that
it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes”
and an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to
request a trading halt in A3D’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:
•

the reasons for the trading halt;

•

how long you want the trading halt to last;

•

the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;

•

that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and

•

any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further
information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in A3D’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to A3D’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that A3D’s obligation
to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the
questions set out in this letter.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to the above, please do not hesitate to contact me.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

Yours sincerely

Dale Allen
Principal Adviser, Listings Compliance (Perth)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

