For personal use only

ASX Media Release
Acquisition of patents for unique
Synthetic Bone Substitute
(Sr–HT–Gahnite)

SYDNEY 6 July 2020 – Allegra Orthopaedics Limited (‘Allegra’) provides the following update:
Allegra is pleased to advise that a significant milestone has been achieved with the successful acquisition
of all the registered patents and application for patents held by the by the University of Sydney in
relation to a unique bio ceramic material known as Sr-HT-Gahnite. This material can be utilised in a
variety of applications including its use as a synthetic bone substitute.
As consideration for this acquisition, Allegra has today issued to the University of Sydney 4,806,000
ordinary shares in Allegra. An Appendix 2A for the issue of these shares follows this announcement.
Allegra began collaborating with the University of Sydney in 2014 when the Company exclusively
licensed the Sr-HT-Gahnite from the University of Sydney.
The outstanding capacity of the Sr-HT-Gahnite material is to simulate the performance of natural bone by
achieving the mechanical strength required for load-bearing application and the bioactivity for bone
regeneration, as well as resorbability for reducing long-term complications, and the ability to be 3D
printed. This has enabled Allegra to work towards developing and commercializing implants that offer a
revolutionary approach to surgeries.

Allegra Orthopaedics Limited
Level 8, 18 --- 20 Orion Rd, Lane Cove West NSW 2066 Australia; PO Box 72 St Leonards NSW 2065 Australia
T +612 9119 9200 T Toll Free 1800 644 370
F +612 9439 4441 F Toll Free 1800 624 223
E sales@allegraorthopaedics.com
www.allegraorthopaedics.com

For personal use only

After careful consideration of the various commercial applications of this unique material, Allegra
commenced commercialisation of an interbody cervical spinal cage as its initial product offering. This
device has the potential to be the world’s first fully synthetic spinal cage that can regenerate bone
under spinal load conditions and be completely absorbed, leaving the body free of foreign materials.
Jenny Swain, Chief Executive Officer, commented that “We are very excited by the acquisition of these
patents as we believe this material will enable us to create and commercialise highly desirable implants
with unique properties that we can bring to the market. The acquisition of these patents is recognition of
our ability to identify and work collaboratively with academic organisations such as the University of
Sydney to bring innovative products to market and strengthens our company’s innovative capacity.”
Contact details:
Justyn Stedwell – Company Secretary
T: 03 8395 5446

ABOUT ALLEGRA ORTHOPAEDICS:

We aim to help bring the freedom and happiness of pain--free movement to people’s lives. We achieve this
through providing the best possible solutions for patients, from world--wide industry leading orthopaedic
products through to Australian innovations. Allegra’s principal product, the Active Total Knee, has significantly
improved the quality of life for many people and remains a focused product line. Allegra is also the exclusive
distributors of Waldemar Link GmbH & Co. KG products in Australia. Link consists of a range of complex lower
limb, hip and knee replacements, including oncology solutions. The Link products add to Allegra’s welldeveloped range of products for distribution from international suppliers covering all specialties from foot and
ankle to upper limb. The company is pleased to continue to build upon its extensive portfolio of patents. It has
strong research relationships with universities, companies and surgeon inventors, including its global licensee to
the composite biocompatible ceramic material known as Sr-HT-Gahnite from the University of Sydney.

