For personal use only

Capital Raising Presentation
June 2020

For personal use only

Investment highlights
US developer, producer, and manufacturer of proprietary powdered and pelletised Activated Carbons for use in industrial pollution and emission
control

1
2

Grew revenue from $3.8m in FY17 to $18.3m in FY19 – customers are typically large and sticky (3-5 year contract duration)

3
4
5
6
7

Excess manufacturing capacity to service expected revenue growth – increased plant utilisation and efficiency will drive further margin
expansion

Anticipated FY20 growth was delayed due to contract delays and COVID-19 impact

40%+ revenue growth expected in FY21 – driven by: recent new contract wins; customer activities returning to normal; new Pellet
product release in Q2FY21
Significant margin expansion expected in FY21 – driven by: increased plant utilisation; reduced reliance on third-party suppliers, and
in-house manufacturing

Continuing transition from customer acquisition and establishment in new markets – becoming a recognised, profitable, and high growth player
in US industry experiencing strong tail winds

2

For personal use only

Company snapshot
Carbonxt produces patented, non-brominated,
Activated Carbons used to eliminate mercury and
other toxic pollutants from industrial flue gas and
wastewater streams.

Our US-based manufacturing plants produce both
powdered and pelletised products which are used by
customers predominantly operating coal-fired power
stations, cement plants, and other industrial processes.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

COMPANY SUMMARY
Share Price ($)1
Shares on Issue (m)
Market Cap. ($m)1
Cash ($m) (31 Mar 20)
Debt ($m) (31 Dec 19)
Enterprise Value ($m)1
Options/Warrants (m)
1.

$0.185
107.69
$19.92
$1.19
$4.36
$23.09
14.14

As at 30 June 2020

Name
Matthew Driscoll
Warren Murphy1
David Mazyck2
1.

2.

Position
Chairman
MD
Director

Shares (m)
0.66
0.41
0.43

Warren Murphy holds 1,500,000 options exercisable
at $0.50
David Mazyck holds 1,000,000 options exercisable at
$0.50

Industry leading R&D capability enables us to be a
solutions-based company, developing customised
products for specific industrial needs.

SHARE REGISTER
Pie Funds Management
Beville Investments
Washington H Soul Pattinson
Capital H Management

PRICE CHART
8.91%
4.82%
4.37%
3.75%

$0.60
$0.40

$0.20
Jun-19

Sep-19

Dec-19

Mar-20

Jun-20

3

For personal use only

Our two key products
• Carbonxt develops, manufactures, and markets specialised
Activated Carbon (“AC”) products

• Unique capability in market to develop products tailored to a
particular customer or individual requirements
•

Key differentiator from commoditised competitor
products

•

Allows realisation of premium pricing due to superior
capability

•

Our products are single-use consumables, creating
reoccurring revenue with contracts typically several years in
duration

•

Unlike industry peers, our products are non-brominated,
which means they do not corrode capital equipment

POWDERED ACTIVATED CARBON
• Powdered Activated Carbon (“PAC”) products are used by coal-fired
power plants to achieve emissions compliance – injected into a plant’s
flue gas to adsorb mercury emissions
• Generated FY19 revenue of A$9.04m (+47% vs FY18) on sales of 4,940t
to 8 customers (avg price of A$1,830/t)
• Realised improving economics of scale and manufacturing efficiencies
during FY19, and expect future gross margins to increase to in the range
of 28% - 38%

PELLETISED ACTIVATED CARBON
• Only manufacturer of pelletised Activated Carbon in the US
• Our Activated Carbon Pellet (“ACP”) products have a wide range of
industrial applications in removal of pollutants, particularly in
wastewater and other fluids

• Mostly competes against imported products (typically from
China) which suffer from supply side challenges and tariffs
• Generated FY19 revenue of A$9.28m on sales to 2 customers
• Started producing ACP products from our own facilities during FY19, and
expect future gross margins in the range of 30% - 40%

4

For personal use only

Our Powdered Activated Carbon business – key features
• Foundation of our business
• Developed revolutionary proprietary Powdered Activated
Carbon (PAC) for capture of mercury
• Mercury capturing PAC that doesn’t contain bromine
• Doesn’t corrode capital equipment
• Long sales lead time and competitive market
• Once obtained, customers are typically large (utilities) and
sticky, long term contracts (typically 3 – 5 years in duration)
• Carbonxt manufacturing facility in Black Birch (Georgia, USA)
• 10,000t p.a. capacity
• Currently around 50% utilisation (8 – 10 customers)
• Will continue to add new customers or additional business
from existing customers
• Sales lead times expected to shorten as we move into
scale and profitability

5

For personal use only

Our Activated Carbon Pellet business – key features
• Developed proprietary Activated Carbon Pellet (ACP) technology
• Carbonxt is the only North American manufacturer of Pellet (ACP)
products, in a fast growing and largely underpenetrated market
• Entered US market in FY18 – achieved $9m+ revenue in first full year of
sales

TARGET
INDUSTRIES

• Inbound enquiries continue to increase as awareness of our Pellet
capabilities grows

FILTRATION
Filtration

NATURAL GAS
SOLVENT
RECOVERY

• Manufacturing facility in Arden Hills (Minnesota)
• 7,000t p.a. capacity

LANDFILLS

VOC
ABATEMENT

HEAVY
MANUFACTURING

WASTE WATER
TREATMENT

• Currently 50 - 70% utilisation
• As volumes increase, we expect to expand production capacity at
our Arden Hills manufacturing facility by 1,500t - 2,000t p.a.
(expected expansion costs of ~A$2m)
• Opportunities for Pellet use are increasing across a range of industrial
applications
• The development of new solutions continues to expand our addressable
market into industries not previously serviced by Carbonxt; strong and
immediate growth opportunities

BENEFITS

• Shorter sales cycle
• Customers are typically large and sticky - long term
contracts
• Higher margin opportunity longer term

• Multiple applications

• Broadens and diversifies the customer base across
multiple industries

• Multiple industries

• Significantly increases the company’s addressable market

• Multiple potential customers
6

For personal use only

New Pellet product – phosphate solution
CARBONXT’S NEW PELLET PRODUCT
• Carbonxt will soon commercialise a new Pellet (ACP) product aimed at removing
phosphate from liquid streams

According to the EPA…

• Leveraged existing patent-pending Pellet formulation to develop a range of novel
Pellet solutions
• New Pellet product has a competitive advantage: compact vessel design that is
scalable, has better aesthetics, and is easier to use
• Carbonxt is in early stage discussions with potential customers to advance the
commercialisation of its new Pellet product
• Have sold to one wastewater utility already
• A further commercial test with a Florida municipality will occur shortly
• Expect that grant opportunities will accelerate commercialisation

PHOSPHATE AND NUTRIENT CONTAMINATION MARKET
• Phosphate (and nutrient contaminants in general) are receiving significant attention across
the US due to their negative economic impacts on industry, tourism, and local communities

“Nutrient pollution is one of America's most widespread, costly and
challenging environmental problems, and is caused by excess
nitrogen and phosphorus in the air and water”.
“When too much nitrogen and phosphorus enter the environment usually from a wide range of human activities - the air and water
can become polluted. Nutrient pollution has impacted many
streams, rivers, lakes, bays and coastal waters for the past several
decades, resulting in serious environmental and human health
issues, and impacting the economy”.

• Florida passed a bill in March 2020 (SB12) aimed at curbing nutrient runoff into
waterways and groundwater
• Carbonxt is at the forefront of this growing phosphate and nutrient contamination market:
• Market includes wastewater treatment, agriculture, hotel, and beverage production
industries
• Competitive environment includes biological solutions

7

For personal use only

Pellet manufacturing – eliminating third-party dependents
• Development of Kiln-Activated Pellets (“KAP”) has
been accelerated since onset of COVID-19
• Testing underway with initial promising
results

Phase 1

Phase 2

Phase 3

• KAP would meet CTC requirements and be
suitable for use in high humidity
environments
• KAP would eliminate any reliance on third-party
and foreign-sourced input materials – Carbonxt’s
Black Birch facility can produce required input
materials
• Reduces supply chain risk; and
• Significantly reduces product costs
• Currently arranging pilot activation which is
targeted to commence in the next 1 - 2 months

Complete lab analysis on
activation parameters,
binder selection, and
product specifications

Extrude sample Pellets to
validate activation process
Attain product specifications
($25k - $100k CAPEX)

Produce Pellets at Arden
Hills using Black Birch AC
and activate

Now through mid July

Late July through late
September

October forward

8

For personal use only

Financial performance to FY20
• Delivered strong revenue growth FY17 – FY19 ($3.8m to $18.3m), with increasing
margins
• Anticipated FY20 growth did not eventuate
• Revised FY20 guidance:
• Revenue: $16m
• Gross profit: $5.2m
• EBITDA: ($1.2m)
• Revenue growth delayed due to:

CG1 to provide new
image

• Some delay in new customer contracts – customer site access and
product testing restricted
• Prudent conservatism in reducing supply to some Pellet customers
seeking longer payment terms during COVID-19
• As demand for electricity decreased significantly during COVID-19
lockdown, many power plants brought forward maintenance
outage plans and/or reduced operating hours (and therefore used
less Activated Carbon)
• Continued responsible balance sheet and cash flow management despite lower
revenues - net cash used only $0.5m

9

For personal use only

Forecasting strong revenue growth and margin expansion in FY21
• FY21 guidance:
• 40%+ revenue growth
• 35%+ gross profit margin
• FY21 growth expected to be driven by:
• Power plant activity returning to pre COVID-19 lockdown levels
• New Pellet business lines:
• Pelletising for other major AC players
• Two new Pellet contracts signed in June are expected to
contribute materially to FY21 revenue

CG1 to provide new
image

• Launch of new Pellet products for removal of phosphate and other
nutrient contaminants from water
• Strong margin expansion expected in FY21, driven by:
• Higher margin new Pellet business line (gross margin increase to 40%)
• Higher plant utilization
• Elimination of reliance on third party input materials
• Expecting to be profitable and cashflow positive from 2QFY21

10

For personal use only

CAPITAL RAISING

For personal use only

Capital raising overview
Structure

Carbonxt is undertaking a placement to raise approximately $2.0 million
comprising the issue of up to 12.5 million new fully paid ordinary shares
in the Company (“New Shares”) (the “Placement”)
• The Placement will fall within the Company’s available placement
capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1

Issue Price

Issue Price of A$0.160 represents:
• 13.5% discount to last closing price of $0.1851
• 6.8% discount to 10 day VWAP of $0.1721
• 17.0% discount to 30 day VWAP of $0.1931

Ranking

Ranking pari-passu with existing capital

Use of Proceeds

General working capital requirements

Lead Manager

Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited

1. As at 30 June 2020

Transaction Timetable

Timing

Trading Halt

Wednesday, 1 July 2020

ASX Announcement / Resume Trading

Tuesday, 7 July 2020

Settlement of Placement

Friday, 10 July 2020

Expected date of ASX quotation of New Shares

Monday, 13 July 2020

Note: Timetable above is indicative only and subject to change

12

For personal use only

Board & senior management

MANAGING DIRECTOR

INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Warren Murphy

Matthew Driscoll

Dr. David Mazyck

Warren was Co-Head of the Australian Infrastructure
& Project Finance Group and Head of Energy at
Babcock & Brown. Warren led the development of
Babcock & Brown’s energy sector capability in
Australia and New Zealand, including the founding of
Infigen Energy. He was also a director of the ASX
listed Alinta Limited and Sydney Gas Limited, and
development of over 2,000MW of Greenfields power
stations and the acquisition of over 3,000MW of
generation.

Matthew has significant experience across several
industries, including online technologies, financial
services, fintech, property and resources. He has
more than 30 years’ experience in capital markets
and the financial services industry and is an
accomplished company director in roles across
listed and private companies. He has significant
experience in international business growth,
mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt raisings
and building strategic alliances, and remains
committed to ethical, commercial and consumerbased outcomes. Matthew is NED Energy
Technologies Limited (EGY), NED Blina Minerals
(BDI), NED buyMyplace.com.au (BMP), NED Smoke
Alarms Holdings.

David is a world-leading expert on activated
carbon (AC) and its applications including mercury
capture. He has developed AC products for the
major multinationals. Dr. Mazyck is the former
Chairman of the Activated Carbon Standards
Committee for the American Waterworks
Association and has developed products for NASA.
He is a member of the World Coal Association and
an appointee to the United Nations.

13

For personal use only

Risks
Regulatory Risk

Carbonxt is heavily reliant on US environmental policies and regulation, in particular the EPA’s MATS regulations that came into force in April 2016 to tightly regulate the emission of
mercury released through the burning of coal, and the Effluent Limitation Guidelines (ELGS) which progressively come into effect from December 2018. Any change to or reversal of
current legislation would have a significant negative effect on the Company’s business model and financial performance. It should be noted that the current President has mooted
substantially changes in the operation of the EPA and regulation, including MATS, may be affected. At this stage, the utilities that Carbonxt conducts business with have indicated no
change to their future planned operating procedures and planning.

Expected Financial
Impact

Carbonxt has undertaken an analysis of the expected financial impact that the new production facility will have on the financial performance of the Company. Any guidance referred
to in this presentation is the Company’s best estimate of anticipated financial results based on the information available at the date that guidance was given. However, there is a risk
that unforeseen issues or factors outside of the control of the Company may cause the actual results achieved to differ or be weaker than anticipated, and such differences may be
material to the Company’s financial performance.

Competition Risk

The Company operates in a dynamic AC market primarily driven by the US EPA’s regulations. There is a possibility that existing or new competitors may increase competitive
pressure through technological advancements, volume increases or pricing and other strategies. Any significant advancements in technology for producing AC have the potential to
change the competitive environment in which the Company operates.

Ability to retain
existing clients or
attract new clients

The Company’s business depends on its ability to retain contracts with existing customers and to attract further business from existing customers or attract new customers. The loss
of existing customers or the inability to attract new customers would have an adverse impact on the financial position of the Company.

Intellectual
Property Risk

The Company relies on its intellectual property (including technology, know how, trademarks, designs and patents) and there can be no assurance that competitors or other parties
will not imitate or develop technology and know how that challenges or competes with the Company or supersedes the Company’s intellectual property. In addition, any
unauthorised use or disclosure of Carbonxt’s intellectual property may also have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial performance.

Reliance on Key
Personnel

Carbonxt employs, or engages as consultants, a number of key management and scientific personnel. The inability of the Company to
retain and attract highly qualified and experienced personnel could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business and
financial performance.

Safety and
Industrial
Accidents

The manufacture and supply of the Company’s products are subject to safety related risks, which are managed carefully by the Company. Despite the relevant safety guards there is
no guarantee a serious accident will not occur in the future, which may negatively affect the financial performance of the Company.

14

For personal use only

Risks (cont.)
Brand
Establishment and
Maintenance

Establishing and maintaining its brand in the industry is critical to growing the Company’s customer base and product acceptance. Prior to entering into supply agreements, the
Company is required to undertake vigorous testing of its Activated Carbon solutions. While the Company has so far been successful in tests undertaken to support the effectiveness
of its products and processes, any future unsuccessful tests for potential customers could adversely affect the Company’s brand, and its business and operating results could be
adversely affected. The Company must also maintain and support its existing customer relationships to maintain its brand and at tract further customers.

Offshore
Operations

While the Company’s corporate management is in Australia, its operations are based in the United States. The global nature of the coal fired generation business and the United
Nations initiatives in respect of mercury capture, may result in the Company’s activities extending to other countries in the future. Geographic diversity adds risk to the ability of the
Company to manage its operations and employees, and introduces additional risks relating to the general economic, regulatory, legal, social and political environment in the
jurisdictions in which it intends to operate, which may in turn adversely affect the Company’s business and financial condition.

Exchange Rate Risk

The Company is exposed to movements in exchange rates as the vast majority of the Company's revenue and expenses are denominated in USD. Adverse movements in the
AUD/USD exchange rate may have an adverse effect on the reported financial performance and/or financial position of the Company.

Product liability
and uninsured
risks

The Company is exposed to potential product liability risks, which are inherent in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and use of its products or products that
are developed in the future. Whilst the Company has liability insurance to help manage such risks, the Company may not be able to maintain insurance for product or service liability
on reasonable terms in the future and/or the Company’s insurance may not be sufficient to cover large claims, or the insurer could disclaim coverage on any such claims.

General Market
Risks

General economic factors such as interest rates, exchange rates, inflation, business and consumer confidence and general market factors may have an adverse impact on Carbonxt’s
performance, prospects or value of its assets. The market price of the Company’s shares will fluctuate due to various factors, many of which are not specific to Carbonxt , including
domestic and international general economic conditions, inflation rates, interest rates, exchange rates, changes in government, fiscal and monetary policies, regulatory changes,
global investment markets, geo-political events and hostilities and other factors that may affect the Company’s financial performance and position. In the future, these factors may
cause Carbonxt shares to trade at or below their issue price.

Litigation

In the ordinary course of business, Carbonxt may be involved in litigation disputes from time to time. Litigation disputes may adversely impact the operational and financial
performance of and industry standing of the Company. In the case where the impact of legal proceedings is greater than or outside the scope of the Company’s insurance, such
litigation could negatively affect Carbonxt’s financial position.

Other Risks

The above risks should not be taken as a complete list of the risks associated with an investment in Carbonxt. The risks outlined above and other risks not specifically referred to may
in the future materially adversely affect the Company, or the value of the Shares and their performance. Accordingly, no assurance or guarantee of future performance or
profitability is given by Carbonxt in respect of the Company or the Shares.

15

For personal use only

Disclaimer
This presentation has been prepared by Carbonxt Group Limited ACN 097 247 464 (“Carbonxt”) in relation to its completed institutional placement (“Placement”) of new shares in Carbonxt (“New Shares”) to raise
approximately $2.0 million.
Summary information
This Presentation prepared by Carbonxt, contains summary information about Carbonxt and its associated entities and their activities current as at the date of this presentation. The information in this presentation is
of a general background nature and does not purport to include or summarise all information that an investor should consider when making an investment decision. It should be read in conjunction with Carbonxt’s
other announcements lodged with the Australian Securities Exchange which are available on www.asx.com.au. This presentation is not and does not contain all of the information which would be required to be
disclosed in a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other offering document under Australian law or any other law (and will not be lodged with ASIC or any foreign regulator). Information about
Carbonxt’s activities are current as at the date of this presentation.
Not an offer
This presentation is for information purposes only and is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure or offering document under Australian law or any other law. This presentation is not and
does not constitute, an offer to sell or the solicitation, invitation or recommendation to purchase any securities (including shares in Carbonxt) or any other financial product and neither this presentation nor any of
the information contained herein shall form the basis of any contract or commitment. In particular, this presentation does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United
States. The securities referred to in this presentation have not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1993 (“US Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the
United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless the securities have been registered under the US Securities Act or are offered and sold in a transaction exempt from, or not subject to, the
registration requirements of the US Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. The distribution of this presentation in jurisdictions outside Australia may be restricted by law and you should observe any
such restrictions.
Not investment advice or a recommendation
The information contained in the presentation has been prepared without taking into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Nothing in the presentation
constitutes as investment or financial product advice, nor is it a recommendation to acquire any securities in Carbonxt. It is not intended to be used as the basis for making a financial decision, nor is it intended to
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other advice. Any references to or explanations of legislation, regulatory issues, benefits or any other legal commentary (if any) are indicative only, do not summarise all relevant
issues and are not intended to be a full explanation of a particular matter. Recipients of this presentation should make their own enquiries and investigations regarding any investment, and should seek their own
professional advice on the legal, financial accounting, taxation and other consequences of investing in Carbonxt. Carbonxt is not licensed to provide investment or financial product advice in respect of Carbonxt’s
shares. Cooling off rights do not apply to the acquisition of new shares pursuant to the Placement.

Investment risk
An investment in Carbonxt’s securities is subject to known and unknown risks, some of which are beyond the control of Carbonxt, including, possible loss of income and principal invested. Carbonxt does not
guarantee any particular rate of return or the performance of Carbonxt, nor does it guarantee any particular tax treatment. Investors should have regard to the risk factors outlined in this presentation when making
their investment decision. Investors should have regard to (amongst other things) the risk factors outlined in this presentation when making their investment decision. See the “Key Risks” section of this presentation
for certain risk relating to an investment in Carbonxt’s securities.

16

For personal use only

Disclaimer (cont.)
Past Performance
Past performance information contained in the presentation is given for illustration purposes only and should not be relied upon as (and is not) an indication of future performance. Actual results could differ materially
from those referred to in the presentation.
Forward Looking Statements
The presentation contains certain ‘forward looking statements’ and comments about future events. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors that
could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Carbonxt to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by those statements. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward looking statements.
This presentation contains such statements that are subject to risk factors associated with an investment in Carbonxt. It is believed that the expectations reflected in these statements are reasonable, but they may be
affected by a range of variables which could cause actual results or trends to differ materially. Forward-looking statements in this presentation include statements regarding the timing and outcome of Carbonxt’s
financing activities including the capital raising and statements regarding Carbonxt’s future financial performance and results.
These statements reflect views only as of the date of the presentation. The actual results of Carbonxt may differ materially from the anticipated results, performance or achievement expressed, projected or implied by
these forward looking statements. Subject to any obligations under the Corporations Act, Carbonxt disclaims any obligation to disseminate any updates or revision to any forward looking statement to reflect any change
in expectations in relation to those statements or any change in circumstances, events or conditions on which any of those statements are based. Neither Carbonxt nor any other person gives any representation,
assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward looking statements in the presentation will actually occur and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward
looking statements.
Future Performance
The presentation contains certain "forward-looking statements" including statements regarding Carbonxt’s intent, belief or current expectations with respect to Carbonxt’s business and operations, market conditions,
results of operations, financial condition, and risk management practices. The words "likely", "expect", "aim", "should", "could", "may", "anticipate", "predict", "believe", "plan", “likely”, “intend”, “propose”, “will”,
“forecast”, “estimate”, “target” and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also
forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward looking statement. While due care and attention has been used in the preparation of forward looking statements, forward
looking, opinions and estimates provided in this presentation are based on assumptions and contingencies which are subject to change. Forward looking statements include projections, guidance on future earnings and
estimates are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied upon as an indication or guarantee of future performance and may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors many of
which are outside the control of Carbonxt.
Disclaimers
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made to the accuracy, adequacy or reliability of any statements, estimates or opinions or other information contained in this presentation. To the maximum extent
permitted by law, Carbonxt, the Lead Manager, and each of their respective affiliates, subsidiaries and related bodies corporate, and the directors, officers, employees, partners, contractors and agents of each of them
(“Limited Party”), disclaim all liability and responsibility for any direct or indirect loss or damage which may be suffered by any recipient through the use of or reliance on anything contained in or omitted from this
presentation, including without limitation any liability arising out of fault or negligence for any direct, indirect, consequential or contingent loss or damage. None of the Limited Parties nor any independent third-party has
reviewed the reasonableness of any forward looking statements in this presentation. Carbonxt does not represent or warrant that this presentation is complete or that it contains all material information about Carbonxt
or which a prospective investor may require in evaluation an investment in Carbonxt. No recommendation is made as to how investors should make an investment decision. Investors must rely on their own
investigations and examinations of Carbonxt and its securities, including, the merits and risks involved. Investors should consult with their own professional advisors in connection with any acquisition of securities.
Carbonxt is under no obligation to update this presentation. The information in this presentation remains subject to change by Carbonxt without notice. Carbonxt reserves the right to withdraw or vary any timetable for
the Placement without notice.

17

For personal use only

CONTACT
Warren Murphy
Managing Director

+61 (0) 413 841 216
w.murphy@carbonxt.com

