T +61 2 8319 9299
E info@cokal.com.au
Level 5, 56 Pitt Street Sydney NSW 2000

For personal use only

ABN 55 082 541 437 (ASX: CKA)
www.cokal.com.au

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT / MEDIA RELEASE
6 July 2020

Progress update Mining Contract for BBM Coking Coal Project
Highlights
•

Mining contract bids received from three reputable mining and haulage
contractors

•

Short list comprises of two tier 1 outstanding contractors

•

Finalising details and commercial terms to select the preferred contractor

•

Cokal team working hard to achieve the best results for shareholders

Cokal Limited (ASX:CKA, “Cokal” or “the Company”) advise the following update on
progress towards the selection of a mining contractor for the Company’s BBM Project in
Central Kalimantan.
Coal Mining Tenders
Mining contract proposals from three (3) reputable mining contractors with extensive
experience in open pit coal mining and/or haulage in Indonesia were received but some were
delayed due to the impact of the Covid19 global pandemic.
Of these three, two (2) tenderers have been shortlisted and are being evaluated by Cokal’s
technical and commercial teams. Negotiations to refine the terms of the contracts of the
preferred tenders have continued into July as Cokal endeavour to deliver the best outcome for
the initial production years of the BBM coal project.
It is hoped that a successful resolution will be concluded before the end of the July, but due to
unforeseen delays caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, this timeframe cannot be guaranteed.
However, Cokal will endeavour to provide regular updates of progress throughout the month of
July.
Although the overall startup schedule is still largely on track, minor delays in our progress are
expected due to travel restrictions.
ENDS
Further enquiries: Domenic Martino
Non Executive Chairman
E:dmartino@cokal.com.au
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Cokal Limited.
th

6 July 2020

Page 1 of 2

For personal use only

About Cokal Limited
Cokal Limited (ASX:CKA) is an Australian listed company with the objective of becoming a metallurgical coal producer with a
global presence. Cokal has interests in four projects in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia, which are considered prospective for
metallurgical coal.

Forward Looking Statements
This release includes forward looking statements. Often, but not always, forward looking statements can generally be identified by
the use of forward looking words such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “intend”, “plan”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “continue”, and
“guidance”, or other similar words and may include, without limitation statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives of
management, anticipated production or construction commencement dates and expected costs or production outputs.
Forward looking statements inherently involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the
company’s actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or
achievements. Relevant factors may include, but are not limited to, changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange fluctuations
and general economic conditions, increased costs and demand for production inputs, the speculative nature of exploration and
project development, including the risks of obtaining necessary licences and permits and diminishing quantities or grades of
resources or reserves, political and social risks, changes to the regulatory framework within which the company operates or may
in the future operate, environmental conditions including extreme weather conditions, recruitment and retention of personnel,
industrial relations issues and litigation.
Forward looking statements are based on the company and its management’s good faith assumptions relating to the financial,
market, regulatory and other relevant environments that will exist and affect the company’s business and operations in the future.
The company does not give any assurance that the assumptions on which forward looking statements are based will prove to be
correct, or that the company’s business or operations will not be affected in any material manner by these or other factors not
foreseen or foreseeable by the company or management or beyond the company’s control.
Although the company attempts to identify factors that would cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those
disclosed in forward looking statements, there may be other factors that could cause actual results, performance, achievements or
events not to be anticipated, estimated or intended, and many events are beyond the reasonable control of the company.
Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements.
Forward looking statements in this release are given as at the date of issue only. Subject to any continuing obligations under
applicable law or any relevant stock exchange listing rules, in providing this information the company does not undertake any
obligation to publicly update or revise any of the forward looking statements or to advise of any change in events, conditions or
circumstances on which any such statement is based.

th

6 July 2020

Page 2 of 2

