For personal use only

6 July 2020

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
Trading Update
Strongest H1 in EN1 History
Highlights
X EN1 achieves greatest H1 revenue since listing; 44% growth YOY
X H1 2020 revenue grew to $9.04M, 44% greater than H1 2019
$6.27M
X June 2020 revenue grew 4% to $1.25M (fluctuation in FX)
engage:BDR (“EN1 or Company”) (ASX:EN1 and EN1O) is pleased to present
shareholders with a trading update and commentary for June and H1 2020
financial performance with prior period comparison. Management notes all
figures are unaudited, as all financials are pending audit. All figures are in AUD.

H1 Financial Results Since ASX Listing (first half year)
H1 Results

Revenue

Growth

2018

$6.11M

2019

$6.27M

3%

2020

$9.04M

44%

Interim Financial Results (fluctuation in FX)
Q2 2020 Results

Revenue

USD Revenue

April 2020

$1.25M

$811K

May 2020

$1.25M

$833K

June 2020

$1.25M

$868K

For personal use only

Revenue Seasonality
Consistent to EN1’s results, the advertising industry traditionally expects 65-70% of its
revenues in the second half of the year (July – December), as experienced by EN1 in
2019 (34% / 66%). Management expects 2020 to produce similar revenue seasonality,
as experienced in 2019 and all prior years.

Operations
“I’m proud to say, despite Covid-19 impact to our second quarter, our team still
delivered the strongest H1 in EN1 history, by 44%! The AUD strengthened as our
Q2 monthly revenues improved since April (we earn in USD); the difference was
eclipsed in FX. Early signs of revenue normalisation include a recent daily revenue
peak for the last week of June at $50K – to see this type of figure appear in daily
reports again consistently is very exciting. Additionally, July’s first 4 days have been
stronger than June’s; I will note, July is the start of a new quarter and typically, the
weakest revenue days are in the first month, so this is an early but a warm-welcomed
indicator.
We implemented significant operational expense reductions from mid-March 2020,
including employee furloughs, pay cuts in Q2 (including CEO, COO, the Board, etc),
tech infrastructural expenses, outside contractors, rent, and in nearly every category.
Several new lending programs are being introduced in the US, and our finance team
is focused on finding equity-free traditional funding to refinance EN1’s notes; more on
this as it develops.
We’ve been through a storm or three in the past 12 years, we are equipped to
navigate.” – Ted Dhanik CEO & Exec Chairman
For questions or feedback, please email info@engagebdr.com.

On behalf of the Board
Ted Dhanik
Co-Founder and Executive Chairman

Forward Looking Statements (next page)

For personal use only

Forward Looking Statements
Preliminary financial results published above are subject to audit, adjustment and
closing, as they are estimates and figures may be rounded. The “~” symbol refers to
figures which have not been audited, adjusted and are preliminary estimates.
Statements made in this release which are forward-looking statements and are based
on the Company’s expectations, estimates and projections. Words such as
“anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “guidance,”
“~” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
words are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Any forward-looking
statement made by the Company in this announcement is based only on information
currently available to the Company and its current intentions (which may change) and
speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Forward-looking statements are
subject to a range of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Company’s
control. Risks and uncertainties can include matters inherent in the business of the
Company, its management, its activities generally, and the market in which it operates.
As a result, actual results could materially differ from those in the forward-looking
statements. The forward-looking statements made in this announcement relate only to
events as of the date on which the statements are made. The Company does not
undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions or updates to these forwardlooking statements to reflect events, circumstances or unanticipated events occurring,
or as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise after the date of
this release except as required by the listing rules of ASX, by law or by appropriate
regulatory authorities.

