ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
6 July 2020

ASX.PSC FRA.5E8

For personal use only

XX November
2018 of Renaissance Capital as M & A Advisor as
Appointment

discussions progress with Uranium One
and
closure of shortfall placement
Highlights
•
•
•

Discussions with Uranium One ongoing
Renaissance Capital has been appointed as financial/merger & acquisition adviser to Prospect
Resources in relation to the MOU with Uranium One Group
Prospect Resources has closed the placement of shortfall shares from the recent Rights Issue

On 12 December 2019, Prospect Resources Ltd (ASX:PSC, FRA:5E8) (“Prospect Resources” or the
“Company”) announced it had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with Uranium
One Group JSC (“Uranium One”). This MOU is more fully described in the Company’s announcement
of 12 December 2019.
The discussions with Uranium One are progressing well. In light of this, Prospect has now appointed
Renaissance Securities (Cyprus) Limited (“Renaissance Capital”) as its exclusive financial advisor in
relation to the potential sale, directly or indirectly, of the Company’s economic or other participation
in, or the whole or part of the licence and/or the assets of, the Arcadia Lithium Project or of the
Company itself to Uranium One or its affiliates.
The discussions with Uranium One are incomplete and ongoing and there is no guarantee that the
MOU or any discussions with Uranium One will result in a formal binding agreement or proposal or as
to the timing or terms on which any transaction may proceed.

About Renaissance Capital.
Renaissance Capital is a leading independent investment bank, providing access to over 50 markets
across the globe with operations in Africa, Central and Eastern Europe, North America, and the Middle
East. Renaissance Сapital’s unique on-the-ground footprint, with offices in Lagos, London, Moscow,
New York, Johannesburg, Cape Town, Nairobi, Cairo and Nicosia, provides its clients with an unrivalled
offering, serving as a gateway to emerging and frontier markets for international investors.
http://www.rencap.com/
Prospect Resources Limited | ACN 124 354 329 | W: prospectresources.com.au | Phone: +61 8 9217 3300
Suite 6, 245 Churchill Ave. Subiaco WA 6008 | Email: info@prospectresources.com.au
Page 1 of 3

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
6 July 2020

ASX.PSC FRA.5E8

For personal use only

XX November 2018
Closure of Shortfall Placement
Prospect is pleased to advise that despite receiving a number of enquiries regarding placement of the
remaining shortfall shares from the recent Rights Issue, it will not be placing the shortfall, making the
rights issue fully closed.

This release was authorised by Mr Hugh Warner, Executive Chairman of Prospect Resources Ltd.

Africa’s leading
battery mineral
company

*ENDS*

Well positioned
Lithium Resource
in regard to both
Scale and Grade

Strong Project
Economics
demonstrated in
DFS

Path forward to
Financing,
Development and
Production

Offtake Agreement
in place and
positioned to
capitalise on
Market Demand

For further information, please contact:
Nicholas Rathjen
General Manager, Corporate Affairs
nrathjen@prospectresources.com.au

About Prospect Resources Limited (ASX:PSC, FRA:5E8)
Prospect Resources Limited (ASX:PSC, FRA:5E8) is an ASX listed lithium company based in Perth with operations in
Zimbabwe. Prospect’s flagship project is the Arcadia Lithium Project located on the outskirts of Harare in Zimbabwe. The
Arcadia Lithium Project represents a globally significant hard rock lithium resource and is being rapidly developed by
Prospect’s experienced team, focusing on near term production of petalite and spodumene concentrates.

About Lithium
Lithium is a soft silvery-white metal which is highly reactive and does not occur in nature in its elemental form. In nature
it occurs as compounds within hard rock deposits (such as Arcadia) and salt brines. Lithium and its chemical compounds
have a wide range of industrial applications resulting in numerous chemical and technical uses. Lithium has the highest
electrochemical potential of all metals, a key property in its role in lithium-ion batteries.

Prospect Resources Limited | ACN 124 354 329 | W: prospectresources.com.au | Phone: +61 8 9217 3300
Suite 6, 245 Churchill Ave. Subiaco WA 6008 | Email: info@prospectresources.com.au
Page 2 of 3

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
6 July 2020

ASX.PSC FRA.5E8

XX November 2018

For personal use only

Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This announcement may contain some references to forecasts, estimates, assumptions and other forward-looking
statements. Although the Company believes that its expectations, estimates and forecast outcomes are based on
reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that they will be achieved. They may be affected by a variety of variables
and changes in underlying assumptions that are subject to risk factors associated with the nature of the business, which
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed herein. All references to dollars ($) and cents in this
announcement are in United States currency, unless otherwise stated.
Investors should make and rely upon their own enquiries before deciding to acquire or deal in the Company’s securities.

Prospect Resources Limited | ACN 124 354 329 | W: prospectresources.com.au | Phone: +61 8 9217 3300
Suite 6, 245 Churchill Ave. Subiaco WA 6008 | Email: info@prospectresources.com.au
Page 3 of 3

