For personal use only

A.C.N. 009 253 187

NON-RENOUNCEABLE RIGHTS ISSUE
TRANSACTION-SPECIFIC PROSPECTUS

For a non-renounceable pro-rata Rights Issue of up to approximately 52,786,405 Shares on the
basis of one (1) new Share for every ten (10) Shares held by Qualifying Shareholders as at
5:00pm WST on the Record Date, at an issue price of $0.028 per Share together with one (1)
Option for every two (2) Shares acquired free of charge (each to acquire one (1) Share at an
exercise price of $0.05 per Share, exercisable at any time up to and including three (3) years after
their date of issue). This Rights Issue, if fully subscribed, will raise up to approximately
$1,478,019 (before expenses of the Offer).

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Prospectus is a transaction-specific prospectus issued under section 713 of the Corporations
Act. This Prospectus is not required to, and does not, contain all of the information that is generally
required to be set out in a prospectus, including general information in relation to the assets and
liabilities, financial position, profits and losses or prospects of the Company. This Prospectus
generally only contains information in relation to the effect of the Rights Issue on the Company
and the rights and liabilities attaching to the New Shares and New Options offered to Qualifying
Shareholders under this Prospectus.
This is an important document that should be read in its entirety. If you do not understand it you
should consult your professional advisers.
This Offer is partially underwritten by RM Corporate Finance Pty Ltd.
THE SHARES AND OPTIONS OFFERED UNDER THIS PROSPECTUS ARE OF A
SPECULATIVE NATURE.

IMPORTANT STATEMENT
This Prospectus is dated 6 July 2020.

For personal use only

A copy of this Prospectus was lodged with ASIC on 6 July 2020. Neither ASIC nor ASX take any responsibility for
the contents of this Prospectus.
This Prospectus contains an offer to Qualifying Shareholders whose registered addresses are in Australia and New
Zealand, and has been prepared to comply with the requirements of the securities laws of Australia and New Zealand.
Distribution of this Prospectus in jurisdictions outside Australia and New Zealand may be restricted by law and
persons who come into possession of this Prospectus should seek advice and observe any such restrictions. Any
failure to comply with such restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws. This Prospectus does
not constitute an offer in any place in which, or to any person to whom, it would not be lawful to make an offer. No
action has been taken to register this Prospectus, the New Shares or New Options or the Rights, or otherwise permit
an offering of the New Shares or New Options or the Rights, in any jurisdiction outside of Australia or New Zealand.
No New Shares or New Options will be issued on the basis of this Prospectus later than 13 months after the date of
this Prospectus.
Application will be made within 7 days of the date of this Prospectus for permission for the New Shares offered by
this Prospectus to be admitted to Quotation on the ASX. The New Options will not be admitted to Quotation on
ASX unless the circumstances set out in section 2.9 of this Prospectus apply (which may not happen).
The New Shares and New Options offered under this Prospectus are of a speculative nature. Qualifying Shareholders
should read this Prospectus in its entirety and, if in any doubt, consult with their professional advisors before deciding
whether to apply for New Shares and accompanying New Options. In particular, it is important that Qualifying
Shareholders consider the risk factors set out in section 5 of this Prospectus. The New Shares and New Options
offered under this Prospectus carry no guarantee in respect of return of capital, return on capital investment, payment
of dividends or the future value of the Shares or Options.
DISCLAIMER
No person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation in connection with the Offers which is
not contained in this Prospectus. Any information or representation not contained in this Prospectus may not be relied
on as having been authorised by Tasman (or its Directors or advisers) in connection with the Offers.
PROSPECTUS AVAILABILITY
This Prospectus is available in both a paper and electronic version. Qualifying Shareholders with registered
addresses in Australia and New Zealand will be sent a paper copy of this Prospectus on 15 July 2020. An electronic
version of this Prospectus will also be emailed to Qualifying Shareholders who have provided Advanced Share
Registry Services with their email address and may also be viewed by Qualifying Shareholders by accessing their
secure electronic account with Advanced Share Registry Services. In addition, Qualifying Shareholders can obtain a
copy of this Prospectus during the Rights Issue on the Tasman website at www.tasmanresources.com.au or by
calling the Company by telephone on (+618) 9282 5889. Qualifying Shareholders who access the electronic version
of this Prospectus should ensure that they download and read the entire prospectus. A personalised Acceptance
Form will accompany the paper copy of the Prospectus which will be mailed to Qualifying Shareholders on 15 July
2020. Personalised Acceptance Forms will also accompany the electronic copies of the Prospectus which are sent to
Qualifying Shareholders by email or accessed by Qualifying Shareholders from their secure electronic account with
Advanced Share Registry Services.
Neither this Prospectus nor the accompanying Acceptance Form may be sent or otherwise distributed by Qualifying
Shareholders to persons outside of Australia and New Zealand.
TRANSACTION-SPECIFIC PROSPECTUS
This Prospectus is a transaction-specific prospectus issued in accordance with section 713 of the Corporations Act.
This Prospectus is not required to, and does not, contain all the information that is generally required to be set out in
a prospectus, including general information in relation to the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses
or prospects of the Company. This Prospectus generally only contains information in relation to the effect of the
Rights Issue on the Company and the rights and liabilities attaching to the New Shares and New Options offered under
this Prospectus.
Section 7 of this Prospectus sets out further information in relation to the nature and contents of this Prospectus.

1

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements which are identified by words such as ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘believes’,
‘estimates’, ‘targets’, ‘expects’, or ‘intends’ and other similar words that involve risks and uncertainties.

For personal use only

These statements are based on an assessment of present economic and operating conditions, and on a number of
assumptions regarding future events and actions that, as at the date of this Prospectus, are expected to take place.
Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, the
Directors and its management.
The Company cannot and does not give any assurance that the results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus will actually occur and Applicants are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
The Company has no intention of updating or revising forward-looking statements regardless of whether new
information, future events or any other factors affect the information contained in this Prospectus, except where
required by law.
These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to
differ materially from the results expressed or anticipated in these statements. These risk factors are set out in Section
5.
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
Throughout this Prospectus abbreviations and defined terms are used. Defined terms are generally identified by the
use of an uppercase first letter. Details of the definitions and abbreviations used are set out in section 8 of this
Prospectus.

2

SUMMARY OF OFFER
This information is intended as a summary only and should be read in conjunction with the more detailed
information appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus. Applicants should read this entire Prospectus,
including the risks in section 5, in order to make an informed decision about acquiring New Shares and
New Options.

For personal use only

1.

KEYPOINTS

New Share Issue Price

$0.028 per New Share

Qualifying Shareholder Entitlement

1 New Share for every 10 Existing
Shares held on the Record Date
(together with 1 free accompanying
New Option for every 2 New Shares
acquired under this Prospectus)

Approximate number of New Shares to be issued under this
Rights Issue

Up to 52,786,405

Approximate number of New Options to be issued under this
Rights Issue

Up to 26,393,203

Approximate amount to be raised under this Rights Issue
(assuming this Rights Issue is fully subscribed and before
expenses of the Offer)

Up to $1,478,019

These figures assume that none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted to Shares prior to the Record
Date. If this occurs, the number of New Shares and New Options, and the amount raised under this Rights
Issue, may increase.

2.

SUMMARY OF IMPORTANT DATES

Offer announcement
Lodgement of Prospectus at ASIC
Lodgement of Prospectus and Appendix 3B with ASX
Ex date
Record Date for determining Entitlements
Prospectus despatched to Qualifying Shareholders
Closing date of the Offer*
If agreed by ASX, securities quoted on a deferred settlement basis
Announcement of results of Rights Issue
Issue Date and Appendix 2A lodged with ASX (end of any deferred
settlement trading), dispatch of holding statements

Wednesday 24 June 2020
Monday 6 July 2020
Monday 6 July 2020
Thursday 9 July 2020
Friday 10 July 2020
Wednesday 15 July 2020
Friday 31 July 2020
Monday 3 August 2020
Wednesday 5 August 2020
Friday 7 August 2020

This timetable is indicative only and subject to change. The Company reserves the right, subject to the
Corporations Act and the Listing Rules and the consent of the Underwriter being obtained under the
Underwriting Agreement, to vary the above dates (including, without limitation, to extend the Closing Date
or to close this Rights Issue early), or to withdraw this Rights Issue and Prospectus at any time, without
prior notice. Any extension of the Closing Date will have a consequential effect on subsequent milestones
set out above.
* See section 2.13 in relation to the Shortfall Offers.

3

CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT STATEMENT .................................................................................................................................... 1

For personal use only

SUMMARY OF OFFER ............................................................................................................................................ 3
1.

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER .................................................................................................................................. 5

2.

DETAILS OF THE OFFER .............................................................................................................................. 6

3.

ACTION REQUIRED BY QUALIFYING SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................. 13

4.

COMPANY OVERVIEW ............................................................................................................................... 15

5.

RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 27

6.

EFFECT OF THE ISSUE ............................................................................................................................... 31

7.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 40

8.

GLOSSARY NAMES AND TERMS.............................................................................................................. 50

9.

CONSENT BY DIRECTORS ......................................................................................................................... 53

10. CORPORATE DIRECTORY ......................................................................................................................... 54
ENTITLEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE FORM ………………………………………………………………….55

4

1.

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

Dear Shareholders

For personal use only

The purpose of this Rights Issue is to raise funds for the following purposes:
1. to continue exploration on the Pernatty mineral exploration licence that Tasman holds in South Australia;
2. to provide ongoing working capital to cover operating expenses, assuming this Rights Issue is fully
subscribed, for up to twelve months; and
3. to repay the March Bells Loan.
Tasman’s geophysical surveys at Pernatty have identified a number of interesting targets for follow up
exploration. Tasman proposes to expend approximately $400,000 on the forthcoming drilling of up to 8 separate
geophysical targets identified at Pernatty which have potential for copper sulphides.
Currently, all exploration expenditure on Exploration Licence 6416 (that adjoins the Olympic Dam licence, and
includes the Vulcan and West Vulcan prospects), is being paid by FMG Resources Pty Ltd pursuant to the terms
of a Farm-in and Joint Venture Agreement entered into on 19 June 2019.
Additionally, and subject to having sufficient funds available, Tasman proposes to continue to support its
investments in either or both of Eden and Conico, as the Directors in their discretion may decide is reasonably
required.
In relation to this current Rights Issue, Doug Solomon, one of Tasman’s Directors (personally and/or through his
associated companies or trusts, which include one of the Company’s largest shareholders) has indicated that he
currently intends to take up all of his Entitlement. I (personally and/or through my associated companies or trusts,
which include one of the Company’s largest shareholders) also currently intend to take up at least $100,000 of my
Entitlements.
I urge Shareholders to read this Prospectus carefully, and I commend this Rights Issue to you.
Yours sincerely

Gregory H Solomon
Chairman

5

2.
2.1

DETAILS OF THE OFFER

Shares and Options offered for subscription

For personal use only

By this Prospectus, the Company makes the following offers:
2.1.1

a non-renounceable pro rata rights issue of approximately 52,786,405 New Shares and 26,393,203 New
Options (assuming that none of the Existing TASOC Options of the Company are converted to Shares
prior to the Record Date) on the basis of 1 New Share for every 10 Existing Shares held as at the Record
Date at an issue price of $0.028 each, together with 1 New Option free of charge for every 2 New Shares
acquired (each New Option being to acquire 1 Share at an exercise price of $0.05 exercisable at any time
up to and including three years after their date of issue), to raise up to approximately $1,478,019 before
expenses of the offer (“the Entitlement Offer”); and

2.1.2

if the Entitlement Offer is not fully subscribed, an offer of the Shortfall to:

2.1.2.1

Qualifying Shareholders who wish to apply for additional New Shares (and accompanying New
Options) in excess of their Entitlement under the Entitlement Offer (“the QS Shortfall Offer”);

2.1.2.2

the Underwriter and Sub-Underwriters; and

2.1.2.3

any investor to whom the Directors elect, in their discretion, to place the balance of the Shortfall
remaining after the offers in sections 2.1.2.1 and 2.1.2.2 have been completed in accordance
with section 2.13,

on the terms set out in section 2.13 (the “Shortfall Offers”);
The Entitlement Offer is partially underwritten (see section 2.12 for further details).
All New Shares issued pursuant to this Prospectus will be issued as fully paid ordinary shares and will rank equally
in all respects with the Existing Shares (see section 7.4 of this Prospectus).
The New Options to be issued under this Prospectus will be issued on the terms and conditions set out in section
7.5 of this Prospectus.
2.2

Entitlement Offer

As the Entitlement Offer (refer to section 2.1.1 above) is non-renounceable, Qualifying Shareholders who do not
wish to exercise their Rights to subscribe for some or all of the New Shares (and accompanying New Options)
being offered to them under this Prospectus may not sell or otherwise transfer those Rights, and those Rights will
lapse upon the expiry of the Offer Period.
2.3

Entitlement to participate in the Entitlement Offer

Shareholders who are registered on the Company's Share Register and whose registered addresses are in Australia
or New Zealand (Qualifying Shareholders) at the close of business on the Record Date, being 5.00 pm WST on
10 July 2020, are eligible to participate in the Entitlement Offer. An Acceptance Form setting out Qualifying
Shareholders’ Entitlements to New Shares and New Options accompanies this Prospectus.
Fractional Entitlements will be rounded up to the nearest whole number of New Shares and accompanying New
Options.
2.4

Applications

The Entitlement Offer may be accepted by Qualifying Shareholders in whole or in part prior to the Closing Date,
subject to the right of the Company to extend the Offer Period or close the Entitlement Offer early.
6

Instructions for accepting an Entitlement are set out in section 3 of this Prospectus and on the Acceptance Form
which accompanies this Prospectus.

For personal use only

2.5

Application money

All Qualifying Shareholders who accept the Entitlement Offer made to them in its entirety will receive their
Entitlement in full.
New Shares and accompanying New Options will be issued to a Qualifying Shareholders only after all of their
Application Money has been received and ASX has granted permission for the New Shares to be quoted.
All Application Money received before the New Shares (and accompanying New Options) are issued will be held
in a special purpose bank account. After the New Shares (and accompanying New Options) are issued to
Qualifying Shareholders, the funds in the account, plus accrued interest, will be received by the Company. All
Application Moneys will be returned (without interest) if this Rights Issue is withdrawn or otherwise does not
proceed.
If the New Shares are not admitted to Quotation by ASX within 3 months after the date of this Prospectus (or any
longer period permitted by ASIC), the Company will refund all Application Moneys in full. The New Options
will not be admitted to Quotation on the ASX, unless the circumstances set out in section 2.9 apply (which may
not happen).
2.6

Issue outside Australia and New Zealand

This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of Securities in any place outside Australia and New Zealand in
which, or to any person to whom, it would not be lawful to make such an offer or to issue the Prospectus. The
distribution of this Prospectus and the accompanying Acceptance Form in jurisdictions outside Australia and New
Zealand may be restricted by law and persons who come into possession of this Prospectus and the accompanying
Acceptance Form (including nominees, trustees or custodians) should seek advice on and observe those
restrictions. Any failure to comply with those restrictions may constitute a violation of applicable securities laws.
No action has been taken to register the Rights, the New Shares or New Options or this Prospectus or otherwise
permit an offering of the New Shares or New Options or the Rights in any jurisdiction outside of Australia or New
Zealand. Without limitation, the Rights and the New Shares and New Options have not been, and will not be,
registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) or the securities laws of any State of the United States
of America and may not be offered in the United States of America or to, or for the account of or benefit of, US
persons.
2.7

Treatment of Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholders

The Offer in this Prospectus is not being extended to any Shareholder, as at the Record Date, whose registered
address is not situated in Australia or New Zealand (Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholders). This is because the
Company is of the view that it is unreasonable to extend the Offer to Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholders having
regard to the small number of such Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholders, the small number and value of the
Securities which would be offered to them, and the cost of complying with the applicable legal requirements, and
requirements of regulatory authorities, of the applicable jurisdictions outside of Australia and New Zealand.
Recipients (including any nominee, trustee or custodian who receives this Prospectus) may not send or otherwise
distribute this Prospectus or the accompanying Acceptance Form to any person outside Australia or New Zealand
(other than to Qualifying Shareholders).
2.8

ASX Quotation of New Shares

The Company will apply to the ASX for the New Shares offered under this Prospectus to be granted Quotation
within 7 days of the date of this Prospectus.
7

For personal use only

If approval for Quotation of the New Shares is not granted within 3 months after the date of this Prospectus (or
any longer period permitted by ASIC), the Company will not allot or issue any New Shares (or accompanying
New Options) pursuant to the Offers and will repay all Application Moneys without interest as soon as
practicable.
Subject to approval being granted by ASX, it is expected that the New Shares will be issued on 7 August 2020
and that Quotation of the New Shares will commence on ASX on a normal basis on 10 August 2020. It is the
responsibility of all Applicants to determine their allocation prior to trading in New Shares. Applicants who
trade or otherwise deal with New Shares before they receive holding statements will do so at their own risk.
The Company disclaims all liability in tort (including negligence), statute or otherwise to persons who trade or
otherwise deal with New Shares before receiving holding statements.
ASX takes no responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus. The fact that the ASX may approve Quotation
of the New Shares is not to be taken in any way as an indication of the merits of the Company or the New
Shares (or accompanying New Options) offered under this Prospectus.
2.9

ASX Quotation of New Options

Subject to the below paragraph, application will not be made to the ASX for the New Options offered by this
Prospectus to be granted Quotation, and the New Options will not be granted Quotation and will not be able to
be traded on the ASX.
Under the ASX Listing Rules, in order for ASX to approve quotation of the New Options, at least 100,000 New
Options must be issued under this Prospectus and those New Options must be held by a minimum of 50
Qualifying Shareholders who each hold a marketable parcel of New Options (within the meaning given to that
term in the procedures of the ASX Market Rules) and all of the other requirements of the ASX Listing Rules
applying to the quotation of an additional class of securities must be satisfied. The Company anticipates these
conditions will be satisfied (however there is no guarantee of this). If these conditions are satisfied, the
Company proposes, after the Closing Date, to make an application to the ASX for the New Options offered by
this Prospectus to be granted Quotation. However, the Offers are not conditional upon the making of such an
application, or on the New Options being granted Quotation, and there is no representation that this application
will be made and/or that the New Options will be granted Quotation.
If all of the circumstances set out in the above paragraph occur and the Company applies for the New Options to
be admitted to Quotation on the ASX, subject to approval being granted by ASX, it is expected that Quotation
of the New Options will commence on ASX on 7 August 2020. It is the responsibility of all Applicants to
determine their allocation prior to trading in New Options. Applicants who trade or otherwise deal with New
Options before they receive holding statements will do so at their own risk. The Company disclaims all liability
in tort (including negligence), statute or otherwise to persons who trade or otherwise deal with New Options
before receiving holding statements.
ASX takes no responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus. The fact that the ASX may approve Quotation
of the New Options is not to be taken in any way as an indication of the merits of the Company or the New
Options offered under this Prospectus.
2.10

Allotment of New Shares and New Options

Subject to ASX granting approval for Quotation of the New Shares, the allotment of the New Shares and New
Options to Qualifying Shareholders will occur as soon as possible after this Rights Issue is closed, following
which holding statements setting out the number of New Shares and New Options allotted to Qualifying
Shareholders under this Prospectus will be despatched.
2.11

Minimum subscriptions and oversubscriptions

There is no minimum subscription to this Rights Issue, and no oversubscriptions will be accepted. However, as
noted in section 2.12, the Entitlement Offer is partially underwritten.
8

2.12

Offer Partially Underwritten

For personal use only

The Entitlement Offer is partially underwritten. The Underwriter has agreed to underwrite 33.829% of the
Shortfall (if any) remaining after completion of the QS Shortfall Offer (“Underwritten Securities”). The
Underwriter will be required to subscribe for the Underwritten Securities at an issue price of $0.028 per Share,
giving a maximum underwritten amount (if no Valid Applications were received) of $500,000.
The Underwriter has entered into a Sub-Underwriting Agreement with March Bells, pursuant to which March
Bells will sub-underwrite 60% of the Underwritten Securities, giving a maximum sub-underwritten amount (if
no Valid Applications were received) of $300,000 . The Underwriter may also seek to enter into other SubUnderwriting Agreements.
A summary of the material terms of the Underwriting Agreement (including details of the fee which is payable
by the Company to the Underwriter) is set out in section 6.9.1 of this Prospectus.
The Offers in this Prospectus are not conditional upon it being underwritten. If for any reason the Underwriting
Agreement is terminated (see section 6.9.1 of this Prospectus which summarises the events which will entitle the
Underwriter to terminate the Underwriting Agreement), unless the Directors otherwise determine, the Offers
will proceed.
2.13

Shortfall

The Shortfall Offers are separate offers pursuant to this Prospectus.
2.13.1

QS Shortfall Offer to Qualifying Shareholders

Qualifying Shareholders may, in addition to their Entitlement, apply for additional New Shares (and
accompanying New Options) forming part of the Shortfall, regardless of the size of their present
holding.
Qualifying Shareholders who wish to participate in the QS Shortfall Offer by applying for New Shares
(and accompanying New Options) above their Entitlement, should insert the number of additional New
Shares they wish to apply for in that section of the table in the Acceptance Form headed "Number of
Shortfall Shares (if any) applied for (in excess of the Entitlement shown above)". The issue price of any
New Shares comprising part of the Shortfall shall be $0.028, being the price at which the Rights have
been offered to Qualifying Shareholders pursuant to this Prospectus. Any additional New Shares applied
for must be paid for in the same manner as the Entitlement Shares are paid for. A single payment
should be made for the Application Moneys for any New Shares you have applied for as part of your
Entitlement and any additional New Shares applied for as part of the Shortfall. It is an express term of
the QS Shortfall Offer that applicants for New Shares comprised in the Shortfall will be bound to accept
a lesser number of additional New Shares (and accompanying New Options) than the number applied
for.
The Shortfall will be placed at the discretion of the Company. The Company reserves the right to reject
(either in whole or in part) any applications for the Shortfall. The Company also reserves the right to
allot to an Applicant a lesser number of the New Shares (and accompanying New Options) comprising
the Shortfall than the number for which the Applicant applies, or to allot none of the additional New
Shares (and accompanying New Options) applied for by the Applicant. As a result, Qualifying
Shareholders who apply for additional New Shares in excess of their Entitlement receive no guarantee
that they shall receive all or any of those additional New Shares (and accompanying New Options) for
which they apply. If a Qualifying Shareholder does not receive all or any of the additional New Shares
(and accompanying New Options) they apply for under the QS Shortfall Offer, any excess Application
Moneys will be returned to them (without interest).
The Directors (whether personally or through their associated companies or trusts) will not apply for
any additional New Shares (and accompanying New Options) under the QS Shortfall Offer.
9

For personal use only

2.13.2

Underwriter and Sub-Underwriters

A portion of the Shortfall remaining after completion of the QS Shortfall Offer referred to in section
2.13.1 will be taken up by the Underwriter (and Sub-Underwriters) pursuant to the Underwriting
Agreement (and Sub-Underwriting Agreements) (see sections 2.12, 6.5, 6.6 and 6.9 for further details of
this partial underwriting). The issue price of any New Shares comprising this portion of the Shortfall
shall be $0.028, being the price at which the Rights have been offered to Qualifying Shareholders
pursuant to this Prospectus. The offer of this part of the Shortfall under this section 2.13.2 shall remain
open under this Prospectus (and may be accepted by the Underwriter (and Sub-Underwriters)) until the
date that is 4 Business Days after the Closing Date.
2.13.3

Investors

The Directors reserve the right, subject to the requirements of the ASX Listing Rules and the
Corporations Act, to place any remaining Shortfall not subscribed for under the Shortfall Offers referred
to in sections 2.13.1 or 2.13.2 above, at any time within 3 months of the Closing Date, at an issue price
of not less than the issue price under the Entitlement Offer, being $0.028 per Share. The offer of the
remaining Shortfall under this section 2.13.3 shall remain open under this Prospectus (and may be
accepted by any investor who has been offered any portion of the Shortfall by the Directors in their
discretion) until the date which is 3 months after the Closing Date.
2.14

Purpose of the Offers

The purpose of the Offers is to raise up to approximately $1,478,019 (before expenses of the Offer). The funds
raised under this Rights Issue will be utilised in the manner set out in section 6.7 of this Prospectus.
2.15

Market prices of Existing Shares and Existing TASOC Options on ASX

The highest and lowest market sale price of the Existing Shares and Existing TASOC Options during the 3 months
immediately preceding the lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC, and the last market sale price on the business
day immediately preceding the lodgement date of this Prospectus, are set out below.
3-Month High
(on 30 April 2020)

3-Month Low
(on 29 June 2020)

Last Market Price
(on 3 July 2020)

$0.039

$0.025

$0.034

(on 22 May 2020)

(on 22 May 2020)

(on 22 May 2020)

$0.005

$0.005

$0.005

Existing Shares

Existing
TASOC Options

The approximate VWAP of the Existing Shares for the three-month period prior to the date of lodgement of this
Prospectus at ASIC was $0.0326.
The approximate VWAP of the Existing TASOC Options for the three-month period prior to the date of
lodgement of this Prospectus at ASIC was $0.005.
2.16

Opening and Closing Dates

Subscription lists will open on 15 July 2020 and will remain open until 5.00pm WST on 31 July 2020. Subject
to the requirements of the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules and the Underwriting Agreement, the Company
may either close the Entitlement Offer at an earlier time and date or extend the closing time and date without prior
notice. Qualifying Shareholders are encouraged to submit their Applications as early as possible.
No New Shares or New Options will be issued under this Prospectus later than 13 months after the date of this
Prospectus.
10

2.17

Indicative timetable

Refer to the "Summary of Offer" at the beginning of this Prospectus for an indicative Offer timetable.

For personal use only

2.18

Existing Shares

There are currently 527,864,046 Shares on issue in the Company. If the Entitlement Offer is fully subscribed,
and assuming that none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted to Shares before the Closing Date, a total
of approximately 580,650,451 Shares will be on issue in the Company at the conclusion of the Entitlement Offer.
2.19

Existing Options

There are currently 56,128,478 Existing TASOC Options on issue in the Company. If the Entitlement Offer is
fully subscribed, and assuming that none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted to Shares before the
Closing Date, a total of approximately 82,521,681 Options will be on issue in the Company at the conclusion of
the Entitlement Offer (comprising the 56,128,478 Existing TASOC Options and 26,393,203 New Options issued
under the Entitlement Offer).
There are currently no unlisted Options on issue in the Company.
2.20

Existing Optionholders

Holders of all of the Existing TASOC Options on issue in the Company may participate in this Rights Issue by
exercising any or all of their Existing TASOC Options prior to the Record Date.
All of the Existing TASOC Options on issue in the Company are capable of being exercised. If all of these
Existing TASOC Options were exercised before the Record Date, an additional 56,128,478 Shares would then be
issued. In addition, in the event that all of the Rights in respect of these additional Shares were subscribed for, an
additional 5,612,848 New Shares (together with 2,806,424 accompanying New Options) would be issued under
this Rights Issue, and a further $157,159.75 would be raised under this Rights Issue. As the price at which the
Company's Shares are currently trading is less than the price at which the Existing TASOC Options are
exercisable, the Company considers it unlikely that any of the Optionholders will choose to exercise their Existing
TASOC Options (or some of them) prior to the Record Date.
2.21

Effect on existing Shareholders and Optionholders

For the effect this Rights Issue will have on Shareholders’ and Optionholders’ existing interests, please see section
6.3 of this Prospectus.
2.22

No commission payable on New Shares and New Options

No commission will be payable by the Company in connection with any New Shares and New Options which are
issued under this Prospectus.
2.23

No valuation

No formal valuation has been completed of any of the assets, or the New Shares or New Options, of the Company.
2.24

Risk factors

In addition to the general risks applicable to all investments in listed companies, there are specific risks associated
with an investment in the Company. Please see section 5 of this Prospectus for further information.
2.25

Acknowledgment and Privacy Statement

Each Applicant acknowledges that they have received and read this Prospectus.
11

For personal use only

As Qualifying Shareholders are already shareholders of the Company, the Company and its share registry
(Advanced Share Registry Services) have already collected certain personal information from Qualifying
Shareholders. However, if Qualifying Shareholders apply for New Shares and New Options pursuant to this
Prospectus, they may be supplying new, additional, or updated personal information (by its inclusion on the
Acceptance Form) to the Company and Advanced Share Registry Services. Applicants who apply under the
Offers which are referred to in sections 2.13.2 and 2.13.3 and who are not currently shareholders of the Company
will also be supplying personal information to the Company.
The provided information is used for the purposes of processing the Applications and to administer the Applicant’s
holding of Shares and Options. By submitting an Application, each Applicant agrees that the Company may use
the information provided by the Applicant on the Application for the purposes set out in this privacy statement
and may disclose it for those purposes to Advanced Share Registry Services and the Company’s related bodies
corporate, agents and contractors and third party service providers, including mailing houses, professional
advisers (eg auditors, lawyers and accountants), technology support providers and to ASX and other regulatory
authorities.
The Corporations Act requires the Company to include information about each Shareholder (including name,
address and details of the Shares and Options held) in its public register. The information contained in the
Company’s public register must remain there even if that person ceases to be a Shareholder. Information
contained in the Company’s register is also used to facilitate payments and corporate communications (including
the Company’s financial results, annual reports and other information that the Company wishes to communicate
to its Shareholders) and compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements.
Under the Privacy Act 1998 (Cth), Shareholders have a right to gain access to personal information that the
Company holds about that person, subject to certain exemptions under law. A fee may be charged for access.
Access requests must be made in writing to the Company’s registered office.
If you are paying by cheque or money order and you do not provide the information required on the Acceptance
Form, the Company may not be able to accept or process your Acceptance Form.
2.26

Enquiries In Relation to this Issue

This Prospectus should be read in its entirety. Enquiries concerning the Acceptance Form or about subscribing
for New Shares and accompanying New Options under this Rights Issue should be directed to the Company
(attention Aaron Gates) by telephone on (+618) 9282 5889.
If after reading this Prospectus or contacting the Company you have any questions about any aspect of an
investment in the Company, please consult your stockbroker, accountant or independent financial advisor.

12

3.
3.1

ACTION REQUIRED BY QUALIFYING SHAREHOLDERS

What you may do - choices available

For personal use only

If you are a Qualifying Shareholder, you may take any of the following actions:
•

take up all of your Rights (refer to section 3.2);

•

take up part of your Rights and allow the balance to lapse (refer to section 3.2);

•

do nothing (refer to section 3.3).

3.2

Taking up all or part of your Rights

If you are a Qualifying Shareholder and you wish to take up all or part of your Rights, you should:
•

read this Prospectus in full and decide whether to participate;

•

consider the risks associated with this Offer, as summarised in section 5, in light of your personal
circumstances;

•

either:
(1)

pay the Application Moneys for the Rights you are taking up by BPay® by no later than 5.00 pm
WST on 31 July 2020. Qualifying Shareholders who pay electronically (by BPay®), do not need
to return the Acceptance Form, and they will be taken to have accepted the Offer upon making
payment by BPay®. This acceptance cannot be withdrawn. Instructions on how to make a
payment by B-Pay® are set out on the Acceptance Form. Qualifying Shareholders should be
aware that their own financial institution may implement earlier cut-off times with regard to
electronic payment, and they should therefore take this into consideration when making payment.
It is the responsibility of Qualifying Shareholders to ensure that funds submitted through B-Pay®
are received by 5:00pm WST on the Closing Date.

OR
(2)

complete the personalised Acceptance Form accompanying this Prospectus in accordance with
the instructions set out on that form and forward it, together with your cheque or money order for
the Application Moneys for the Rights you are taking up, to reach one of the following addresses
by no later than 5.00 pm WST on the Closing Date:
By mail:

Tasman Resources Limited
c/- Advanced Share Registry
PO Box 1156
NEDLANDS WA 6909

By delivery: Tasman Resources Limited
c/- Advanced Share Registry
110 Stirling Highway
NEDLANDS WA 6009
Cheques (drawn on and payable at any Australian bank) should be made payable to “Tasman Resources
Limited – Rights Issue” and crossed “Not Negotiable”.
If you are paying by cheque or money order, New Shares and accompanying New Options will only be
issued to Qualifying Shareholders on receipt of an Acceptance Form which was issued together with this
Prospectus. A completed and lodged Acceptance Form, together with payment for the number of New
Shares accepted, cannot be withdrawn and constitutes a binding application for, and acceptance of, the
number of New Shares specified in the Acceptance Form on the terms set out in this Prospectus. The
13

Acceptance Form does not need to be signed to be binding.

For personal use only

Acceptance Forms which do not specify an Australian or New Zealand address for service (or which are
accompanied by payment drawn on a foreign bank account) will be rejected and returned unless
Qualifying Shareholders provide evidence which satisfies the Company that the issue of the New Shares
and accompanying New Options will not contravene the laws of any other jurisdiction.
If the Acceptance Form is not completed correctly the Company may reject it or treat it as valid. The
Company’s decision as to whether to reject the Acceptance Form or treat it as valid and how to construe,
amend or complete it is final.
If the amount a Qualifying Shareholder pays is insufficient to pay for their full Entitlement, they will be taken to
have applied for such lower number of New Shares as that amount will pay for. If a Qualifying Shareholder pays
for more New Shares than their Entitlement, they will be deemed to have applied for their full Entitlement and
for additional New Shares (and accompanying New Options) under the offer of the Shortfall in section 2.13.1 to
the extent of the excess.
No brokerage or duty is payable by Qualifying Shareholders on the issue of New Shares and accompanying New
Options.
If you are a Qualifying Shareholder and you take up part of your Rights only the balance of your Rights will lapse.
3.3

Consequences of doing nothing – Rights not taken up

Qualifying Shareholders who do not wish to take up any of their Entitlement do not need to take any action. Any
Rights not taken up by Qualifying Shareholders will lapse at the expiration of the Offer Period.
3.4

Overseas Shareholders

Shareholders with registered addresses outside Australia and New Zealand should refer to sections 2.6 and 2.7 of
this Prospectus.
3.5

Effect on Shareholders and Optionholders

For the effect this Rights Issue will have on Shareholders’ and Optionholders’ existing interests, please see section
6.3 of this Prospectus.

14

4.
4.1

COMPANY OVERVIEW

Background

For personal use only

Tasman was incorporated on 30 June 1987 as PF Mining Shelf Co (No 19) NL and changed its name on 2
September 1987 to Tasman Resources NL.
Tasman was admitted to Quotation on the official list of the ASX on 18 December 2001. On 23 January 2009
Tasman changed from a no liability company to a company limited by shares.
Tasman’s wholly owned subsidiary, Noble Energy Pty Ltd (“Noble”), holds 36.24% of the issued shares in ASX
listed Eden Innovations Ltd (ASX: EDE), which was admitted to the Official List of the ASX in June 2006. A
short summary of Eden’s main project is detailed in section 4.3 of this Prospectus.
Tasman also holds 3 mineral exploration licences in South Australia.
Additionally, Tasman holds 13.18% of the issued shares in Conico Ltd (ASX: CNJ), which was admitted to the
Official List of the ASX on 14 June 2007. Conico owns 50% of the Mt Thirsty Cobalt-Nickel Project in Western
Australia, with the other 50% held by Barra Resources Limited (ASX: BAR).
Further information in relation to Tasman’s mineral projects is contained in section 4.3 of this Prospectus.
4.2

Directors

The current Directors of the Company are:




Gregory Howard Solomon, LLB (Executive Chairman)
Douglas Howard Solomon, B. Juris (Hons), LLB (Non-Executive Director)
Guy Touzeau Le Page, B.A., B.Sc. (Hons), M.B.A., FFIN, MAusIMM (Non-Executive Director)

4.3

Projects

Investment into Eden Innovations Ltd
Tasman, through Noble, is the largest shareholder in Eden, holding 36.24% of Eden’s shares. Eden’s main project
is its EdenCrete® concrete admixture which Eden has developed using carbon nanotubes that it produces in the
US using a proprietary pyrolysis process that Eden developed jointly with the University of Queensland and which
Eden now owns.
EdenCrete® is being both trialled and sold in the USA and is being trialled in Australia, Europe, India, Israel,
Greece and Korea as a concrete additive and it has been shown that it can improve the compressive strength,
tensile strength and abrasion resistance of concrete whilst also reducing its permeability.
If the demand for EdenCrete® continues to grow, it is possible that Tasman’s investment in Eden, the value of
which as at the date of this Prospectus exceeds Tasman’s market capitalisation, could further significantly increase
in value.
Further details of Eden’s projects are available from the Eden website at www.edeninnovations.com.

15

Mineral Projects

For personal use only

Pernatty Project - EL 6137 (Tasman 100%)
The Pernatty Project is located approximately 20km SSE of the IOCG deposit at Carrapateena, within Exploration
Licence 6137 (refer Figure 1). The area was initially targeted by Tasman for its potential to host IOCG deposits due
to available geophysical data, the possibility of reasonable basement depths and its proximity to Carrapateena.
Importantly, Tasman’s regional geological studies identified Pernatty as lying within an interpreted prospective
“corridor” containing the most commercially favourable IOCG deposits at Olympic Dam, Wirrda and the three
deposits in the Carrapateena area (see Figure 1).

Figure 1: Pernatty Project Location Plan (grid GDA 94, Z53).
Electromagnetic (EM) Survey Results
EM surveying over priority gravity and magnetic targets identified within the Pernatty IOCG project, was
completed, including follow up surveys, in December last year. A total of 54.7 line kms were surveyed over the
two target areas (refer Figures 1&2). The aim of the survey was to locate anomalous areas of electrical
conductivity in the basement that could be due to IOCG associated copper sulphide mineralisation, as well as give
information about depth to basement.
Geophysical modelling of the EM data in conjunction with the available gravity and magnetic data has been
carried out.
Southern Area
Geophysical modelling has highlighted an EM conductor in the southern area coincident with a gravity and
magnetic anomaly (Figures 2 and 3) bounded by interpreted N and NE trending lineaments (Figure 3). Although
all components of the coincident magnetic-gravity-conductivity anomaly are weak, the modelling suggests that
elevated concentrations of sulphides may occur between about 250 and 500m depth.

16

For personal use only

Northern
Area

Southern
Area

Figure 2: EL 6137. Residual gravity image showing EM survey lines (white) and location of modelled TEM
conductor in southern area (yellow hatch). Yellow circles in north area are approx. locations of modelled
steeply dipping conductive plates. White circles are locations of small coincident gravity-magnetic-TEM
anomalies. Overall dimensions of EM anomalies in north area unknown. Grid GDA 94 Z53.
Conductivity depth images (CDI’s, Figure 4a) suggest that conductive rocks occur at around 300m and are
separate from shallow highly conductive material, probably saline aquifers, in the cover. The EM conductor is
shown as Plate 07 in the TEM model (Figure 4b). Modelled dimensions are around 800m long and 700m wide,
similar to that of the gravity anomaly. The gravity and magnetic components of the coincident anomaly are
interpreted to represent felsic rocks with about 5% dense non-magnetic minerals such as hematite and sulphides
with less than 0.1% magnetite. The data suggests that it is not likely to be an iron rich IOCG system, however the
intersecting deeply-weathered regional lineaments suggest a possible zone of dilation, giving it a potentially
interesting address.

17

For personal use only

Figure 3: Southern Area. Modelled EM conductor (black hatch) and EM survey lines over residual
magnetic image and interpreted lineaments (black lines).

Figure 4a: Southern Area Line 6517000N. TEM, residual gravity (red) and magnetic (blue) profiles and
conductivity depth image.
18

For personal use only

Plate 07

Figure 4b: Southern Area Line 6517000N. Response (profiles) and CDI generated from the response of a
model comprising a half-space model (58 mS/m) with ten horizontal conductive plates.
Northern Area
Two steeply dipping conductive sheets (Figures 2, 5 a&b) have been interpreted on the southern most line in the
northern area. Their high conductances suggest that they might represent sulphides in steeply dipping faults or
fractures, presumably within the cover rocks, however graphite as a source of the conductivity cannot be ruled
out. The top centre of Plate 1 in the model is at (751010E, 6523250N) at 53m depth and is very close to vertical.
The top of Plate 2 in the model is at (751540E, 6523250N) and 103 metres depth. While these TEM anomalies
appear on either flank of a north-south gravity high there are no gravity data points within 200m of this
southernmost TEM line. The gravity high is inferred by interpolation.

Figure 5a: Northern Area Line 6523250N. TEM, magnetic (blue) and gravity (red) profiles and
conductivity depth image.
19

For personal use only

Figure 5b: Northern Area Line 6523250N. Plate-in-host model simulation for data in Figure 5a showing
steeply dipping modelled conductive plates 01 and 02.
Two small coincident magnetic -gravity -TEM highs have also been identified in the northern area at approx. 370
and 400m depth:

Body 1
Just enough of this feature is seen at the north end of north-south TEM line 751400E to permit construction of a
plate-in-host TEM model whose profiles and CDI response, shown in Figure 6a&b, suggest that the maximum
conductivity occurs at about 370m depth (Plate 01). This is associated with weak but coincident magnetic (2 nT)
and gravity (0.2 mGal) highs. Modelling suggests less than 0.1% magnetite and 15% of a dense non-magnetic
component such as hematite and sulphides. Due to the associated electrical conductivity the 15 percent estimate
for the hematite and sulphide component may represent more sulphides than hematite.
Body 2
A residual gravity high at (752000E, 6524000N) coincides with a residual magnetic high, and both anomalies
occur barely 150m west of a conductivity anomaly seen in the eastern end of the CDI for line 6524000N (Figure
7). The residual magnetic and gravity high can be simulated using a body with the properties of felsic rock with
5.5% percent hematite and sulphides and less than 1% magnetite.

20

For personal use only

Figure 6a: Northern Area Line 751400E. TEM profiles and conductivity depth image.

21

For personal use only

Figure 6b: Northern Area Line 751400E. Plate-in-host model simulation for the north-south CDI in Figure
6a. Maximum conductivity is interpreted to be near 370m depth.

Figure 7: Northern Area Line 6524000N. TEM, magnetics (blue) and gravity (red) profiles and conductivity
depth image.

22

Drill Targets

For personal use only

The EM surveying over priority gravity and magnetic targets has identified five priority drill targets for copper
sulphides (Figure 2). Although none of the conductors identified can be readily attributed to classic IOCG
mineralization due to their relatively low gravity modelled iron contents they still have the potential to host
economic copper sulphide mineralization in the cover rocks and/or basement. The applicable mineralisation
models for the Pernatty anomalies are however uncertain at this stage.
The eastern Gawler Craton is a significant copper province and economic copper mineralization occurs in cover
rocks at Mt Gunson, 40km to the west and in the basement at the Carrapateena IOCG deposit 20km to the
northwest. As there has been no drilling in the area the local depth to basement is unknown, and the conductivity
contrast between the cover rocks and basement is insufficient to determine a clear interface in the CDIs.
Field reconnaissance over the target areas has been carried out by Tasman personnel and Aboriginal heritage
surveys were conducted by representatives of the native title holders. All of the proposed hole locations have been
cleared for drilling. A PEPR has been submitted to the SA Department for Energy and Mining and approval has
been granted for the drilling program.

Lake Torrens IOCG Project – EL 6416 (Tasman 100%, Fortescue earning 51%).
Exploration Licence 6416 (refer Figure 8) hosts the Vulcan, Vulcan West and Titan iron oxide-copper-gold
(“IOCG”) prospects, approximately 30km north of BHP’s Olympic Dam mine in South Australia. In June 2019
Tasman and FMG Resources Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortescue Metals Group Ltd (ASX:FMG “Fortescue”)
executed a Farm-in and Joint Venture Agreement over Tasman’s EL 6416.

Tasman EL6416

Figure 8: Regional residual gravity image over Tasman’s Exploration Licence 6416, showing the location
of Olympic Dam, Tasman’s IOCG prospects and the area of the Tasman 2018 gravity infill survey (yellow
rectangle) and modelling (Vulcan West). (GDA 94, MGA Zone 53).

23

Work Carried out by Fortescue

For personal use only

Since the JV’s inception work carried out by Fortescue has included the following:

•
•
•
•

Historic data review

•
•
•

Hyperspectral analysis of Vulcan core

Review of proprietary Tasman data
Relogging of Titan, Marathon and Vulcan drill core
Detailed magnetic susceptibility, specific gravity and conductivity data collected on Titan, Marathon
and Vulcan drill holes

Completion of a detailed ground gravity survey
Submission of samples for hematite/magnetite geochemical vectoring program

Program for the June Quarter
Work which was planned by Fortescue for the June quarter included:



Continued review, re-logging and data collation of Vulcan drill core



Processing of gravity data



Analysis of results from the hematite/magnetite geochemical vectoring program



On ground reconnaissance for future access preparation



Geological and geophysical modelling and target generation.

Background on Vulcan and Vulcan West Prospects (presently regarded by Tasman as the high priority
prospects within EL6416).
Vulcan is located 30km NNE of the giant Olympic Dam IOCG deposit and is a very large IOCG system, where
drilling to date has intersected a number of very thick intervals of alteration and low-grade mineralisation over a
large target area (about 12km2).
Vulcan West occupies a very geophysically anomalous and interesting zone (around 50km2) between Vulcan and
Titan, another very large IOCG system within Tasman’s Exploration Licence 6416 (see Figure 8). Other regional
IOCG targets within Tasman’s EL6416 are also shown in Figure 3.
The infill gravity survey completed by Tasman in January 2018 over a previously undrilled section of the
Exploration Licence, provided high quality data to enable detailed geophysical modelling (combined gravity and
magnetics) over an area considered prospective for discovery of IOCG deposits. A number of potential drill targets
were identified in this modelling, and as suspected, a number of these targets are at shallower depth than the
nearby large Vulcan IOCG system.
Regional MT surveys suggest to Tasman that Vulcan and Olympic Dam share a very deep underlying zone of
anomalously conductive rocks that are postulated to represent a zone of fluid migration, which was critical in the
formation of these two very large IOCG systems.
Figure 9 (see Figure 8 for location) shows the residual gravity response obtained from the new geophysical
processing and modelling over the main area of interest at Vulcan West and clearly highlights a number of
distinctive anomalies. Combined modelling of this gravity data with existing magnetics has defined a number of
potential drill targets at a variety of depths (Figure 9):

24

For personal use only



Target A: Modelled depth of about 650m



Target B: Modelled depth of about 700m



Target C: Modelled depth of about 680m



Target D: Modelled depth of about 850m



Target E: Modelled depth of about 700m



Target F: Modelled depth of about 750m

Figure 9: Detailed plan of residual gravity at Vulcan West, based on all available data. Red/magenta colours
are areas of stronger residual gravity, generally indicating areas likely to be underlain by denser, more
iron-rich rock, potentially IOCG systems. The letters A, B C etc. refer to individual modelled bodies. Also
shown in plan, at the same scale is an outline of the Carrapateena IOCG deposit, located 125km to the SE.
Clearly there is potential for the Vulcan West area (especially Targets A & C) to host Carrapateena-size
deposits at attractive depths.

Figure 10: Location of Tasman’s Exploration Project Areas in South Australia
25

Disclaimer

For personal use only

The interpretations and conclusions reached in this section 4.3 are based on current geological theory and the best evidence
available to the authors at the time of writing. It is the nature of all scientific conclusions that they are founded on an
assessment of probabilities and, however high these probabilities might be, they make no claim for complete certainty. Any
economic decisions that might be taken on the basis of interpretations or conclusions contained in this section 4.3 will
therefore carry an element of risk. It should not be assumed that the reported exploration results will result, with further
exploration, in the definition of a Mineral Resource.
This section 4.3 contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. These statements reflect current expectations,
intentions or strategies regarding the future and assumptions based on currently available information. Should one or more
of the risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary from the
expectations, intentions and strategies described in this section 4.3. No obligation is assumed to update forward-looking
statements if these beliefs, opinions and estimates should change or to reflect other future developments.
All geophysical data is ambiguous in the sense that many models can have the same response. A model whose calculated
response simulates the data is said to be permitted by the data but no model is ever required by the data, therefore all models
are interpretations.

Competent Persons Statement

The information in this section 4.3 that relates to the discussion of geology and exploration results is based on and fairly
represents information compiled by Michael J Glasson, a Competent Person who is a member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscientists. Mr Glasson is a part time employee of Tasman Resources Ltd. Mr Glasson hold shares in Tasman. Mr Glasson
has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of the deposit under consideration and to
the activity being undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for
Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr Glasson consents to being named in this
Prospectus in the form and context in which his name appears and to the inclusion in this section 4.3 of the statements that
have been attributed to him.

26

For personal use only

5.

RISK FACTORS

There are a number of risk factors, both specific to the Company and of a general nature, which may affect the
financial position, financial performance, cash flows, ability to pay dividends and growth prospects of the
Company and the outcome of an investment in the Company. These risks are both specific to the Company
and generally relate to an investment in the stock market. There can be no guarantee that the Company will
achieve its stated objectives, or that forward looking statements will be realised.
5.1

Exploration Risk

Mineral exploration and mining are speculative operations that may be hampered by circumstances beyond the
control of the Company. Profitability depends on successful exploration and/or acquisition of reserves.
Exploration is a speculative endeavour and the Company may not be successful in locating or identifying any
commercial mineral deposits.
5.2

Operating Risks

The operations of the Company may be affected by various factors including failure to locate or identify
mineral deposits, failure to achieve predicted grades in exploration and mining, operational and technical
difficulties encountered in exploration and mining, difficulties in commissioning and operating plant and
equipment, mechanical failure or plant breakdown, inadequate water supplies, unanticipated technical or
metallurgical problems which may affect extraction rates and costs, inability to obtain satisfactory joint venture
partners, difficulties in obtaining requisite planning approvals, adverse weather conditions, industrial and
environmental accidents, industrial disputes, unexpected shortages and increases in the cost of consumables,
spare parts, plant and equipment. No assurances can be given that the Company will achieve commercial
viability through the successful exploration and/or operation of its tenements or its tenement interests. Until
the Company is able to realise value from its projects, it will incur ongoing operating losses.
5.3

Production Risks

Even assuming that viable deposits of minerals are located and able to be mined, the quality and rate of
extraction of minerals will be variable (depending, for example, on the size of the deposits, timing and/or
success of development work and mineral quality). Production may be impacted or shut down for considerable
periods of time due to any of the following factors:












5.4

government regulation;
processing interruptions;
equipment failure;
equipment or manpower shortages;
force majeure;
well blowouts;
explosions;
fires;
pollution;
releases of toxic gas; or
other environmental hazards and risks.
Commodity Price Volatility & Exchange Rate Risks

If the Company achieves success which results in mineral production (of which there is no guarantee), the
revenue it will derive through the sale of commodities exposes the potential income of the Company to
commodity price and exchange rate risks. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by many factors
beyond the control of the Company, including supply and demand fluctuations for precious and base metals,
technological advancement, forward selling activities and other micro and macro economic factors.
International prices of various commodities are largely denominated in United States dollars, whereas the
27

income and expenditure of the Company, whilst operating on Australian projects, will be in Australian
currency, exposing the Company to the fluctuations and volatility of the rate of exchange between the United
States dollar and the Australian dollar.

For personal use only

5.5

Title Risks and Native Title

Interests in exploration and mining tenements in Australia are governed by State legislation and are evidenced
by the granting of leases or licences. Each lease or licence is for a specific term and carries with it annual
expenditure and reporting conditions as well as other conditions requiring compliance. These conditions
include the requirement, particularly for exploration licences, for compulsory reduction in the area held under
licence from time to time. Consequently the Company could lose title to or its interest in the tenements if
licence conditions are not met or if insufficient funds are available to meet expenditure commitments. In
relation to tenements in which the Company has an interest, there are areas over which legitimate common law
native title rights of Aboriginal Australians exist (and in relation to tenements in which the Company in the
future may acquire an interest, it is possible this could also be the case). The ability of the Company to obtain
the consent of any relevant land owner, or to progress from the exploration phase to the development and
mining phases of the operation (if a commercial mineral deposit is identified), may be adversely affected. In
addition, Aboriginal heritage sites are known to exist on various parts of the tenement areas, and exploration
and mining activity is not permitted over such areas. The Directors closely monitor the potential effect of
native title claims involving tenements in which the Company has or may have an interest.
5.6

Environmental Risks

The operations and proposed activities of the Company are subject to State and Federal laws and regulation
concerning the environment. As with most exploration projects and mining operations, the Company's
activities are expected to have an impact on the environment, particularly if the Company locates and identifies
a commercial mineral deposit (of which there is no guarantee) and advanced exploration or mine development
proceeds. The Company attempts to conduct its activities to the highest standard of environmental obligation,
including compliance with all environmental laws.
Although the Company is not aware of any endangered species of fauna or flora within the tenement area, no
definitive study has been carried out over the area, and if any were discovered this could prevent mining
occurring.
5.7

Joint Venture Parties, Agents and Contractors

The Company has entered into a Farm-In and Joint Venture Agreement over its wholly owned exploration
licence 6416.
Exploration progress of the Company’s tenements may be hampered if that existing joint venture is terminated
or comes to an end for any reason. The Company may also, in the future, seek a suitable joint venture partner
for its other projects and its inability to do so may also hamper its exploration progress.
The Company engages contractors and other service providers to assist it with its exploration activities (e.g.
drilling contractors). The Company is unable to predict the risk of insolvency or default by any of those
contractors.
5.8

Investments

As noted elsewhere, the Company holds a 36.24% shareholding in Eden (through Noble) and a 13.18 %
shareholding in Conico, both ASX listed entities. Any change in the market value of, or the trading price of
the shares in, those companies may therefore have an impact on the value of the Shares and Options in the
Company. Conico is a mining exploration company and faces risks similar to those which are faced by the
Company as specified in sections 5.1 to 5.7 inclusive above. Eden is the developer of a pyrolysis process to
produce carbon nanotubes and carbon nanofibers, a carbon-strengthened concrete additive (EdenCrete®), and
a dual fuel system capable of operating on diesel engines and displacing a large amount of diesel fuel with
28

For personal use only

natural gas (Optiblend®). There is no guarantee that Eden’s commercialisation of EdenCrete® Optiblend® or
its pyrolysis technology, or the proposed commercialisation of any other new technologies it may develop,
will be successful. The commercialisation of new technologies is always subject to substantial risk, including
competition from new inventions, unforeseen technical issues, securing sufficient working capital to fund the
operations prior to the company becoming profitable, and establishment of a viable market for new products.
5.9

Share Market Conditions

The price of the New Shares and New Options when quoted on ASX will be influenced by international and
domestic factors affecting market conditions in equity, financial and commodity markets. These factors may
affect the share price for all listed companies, and the price of the Company’s Shares and Options may fall or
rise, and the price of the New Shares may trade below or above the issue price of the New Shares and the price
of the New Shares and New Options may trade below or above their prevailing market price as at the date of
this Prospectus. The price of the Shares and Options may be subject to varied and unpredictable influences on
the market for equities and in particular, resources stocks. Neither the Company nor the Directors warrant the
future performance of the Company or any return on an investment in the Company.
5.10

Working Capital

Until the Company is able to realise value from its projects, it will incur ongoing operating losses. Assuming
this Rights Issue is fully subscribed, the Company is only raising sufficient funds pursuant to this Rights Issue
for up to approximately twelve months working capital requirements and, subject only to the terms of any new
joint venture or other commercial arrangement which may be entered into, the Company is likely to have to
raise further capital or borrow funds at the expiration of that period. If this Rights Issue is not fully subscribed,
the Company is likely to have to raise further capital before the expiration of this twelve month period. There
is no guarantee that such additional funds will be available to the Company. Further, any additional equity
financing which is available may be dilutive to Shareholders.
The Company's failure to raise capital if and when needed could delay or suspend the Company's business
strategy and could have a material adverse effect on the Company's activities.
5.11

No formal valuation of Shares, Options or tenements

No formal valuations of any of the Shares or Options, or any of the assets in which the Company has an interest,
have been carried out.
5.12

General investment risks

In addition, there is a risk that the price of the Shares and Options and returns to Shareholders may be affected
by changes in many general factors including local and world economic conditions and outlook, general
movements in local and international stock markets, investor sentiment, interest rates, the rate of inflation,
exchange rates, levels of tax, taxation law and accounting practice, government legislation or intervention,
inflation or inflationary expectations, natural disasters, social disorder or war in Australia or overseas,
international hostilities and acts of terrorism, as well as many other factors which are beyond the control of the
Company.
5.13

Other risks

The above list of risk factors is not exhaustive of the risks faced by the Company and its Shareholders and
investors. The above risks, and others not specifically referred to above, may in the future materially affect
the financial performance of the Company and the value of the New Shares and accompanying New Options
offered under this Prospectus. Therefore, no assurances or guarantees of future profitability, distributions,
payment of dividends, return of capital or performance of the Company or its Securities can be, or is, provided
by the Company.

29

For personal use only

Before deciding to invest in the Company, potential investors should read this Prospectus in its entirety and,
in particular, should consider the risk factors that could affect the financial performance of the Company.
Qualifying Shareholders should carefully consider these factors in light of their personal circumstances and
should consult their professional advisers (for example, their accountant, stockbroker, lawyer or other
professional adviser) before deciding whether to invest.
Neither the Company nor its officers, employees, agents and advisers guarantee that any specific objectives of
the Company will be achieved or that any particular performance of the Shares and Options, including the New
Shares and New Options offered under this Prospectus, will be achieved.

30

6.

For personal use only

6.1

EFFECT OF THE ISSUE

Introduction

Assuming this Rights Issue is fully subscribed, the gross proceeds that will be raised by the Company under
this Rights Issue (before expenses of the Rights Issue) will amount to approximately $1,478,019 (on the
assumption that none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted to Shares prior to the Record Date).
6.2

Pro-forma capital structure on completion of the Rights Issue

The pro-forma capital structure of the Company is set out below and reflects the issued and paid up capital
structure of the Company assuming this Rights Issue is fully subscribed (and assuming that none of the Existing
TASOC Options are converted to Shares prior to the Record Date or before completion of this Rights Issue).
Capital Structure

Existing Shares and
TASOC Options
Maximum number of
New Shares and New
Options (estimated)
Total Shares and
Options (TASOC
Options and New
Options) upon
completion of the Rights
Issue (estimated)

Shares

Percentage

Options

Percentage

527,864,046

90.91%

56,128,478

68.02%

52,786,405

9.09%

26,393,203

31.98%

580,650,451

100.00%

82,521,681

100.00%

On the assumptions set out above, a total of up to approximately 52,786,405 New Shares and up to
approximately 26,393,203 accompanying New Options will be issued by the Company at the successful
completion of this Rights Issue. The maximum number of New Shares and New Options which may be issued
under this Rights Issue cannot be calculated precisely until Rights have been determined following the Record
Date because of the possibility that the Existing TASOC Options (or some of them) may be exercised by the
Record Date and due to the rounding up of fractional Entitlements.
6.3

Effect on Existing Shareholders and Optionholders

Qualifying Shareholders who take up their Rights in full will not have their proportionate interest in the
Company diluted by this Rights Issue. The proportionate interest of a Qualifying Shareholder who takes up
their Entitlement in full and applies for (and is issued) additional New Shares (and accompanying New
Options) forming part of the Shortfall will increase.
Qualifying Shareholders who do not exercise their Rights in full will have their interest in the Company diluted.
Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholders will have their interest in the Company diluted.
Existing Optionholders who do not exercise all or any of their Existing TASOC Options before the Record
Date will not be entitled to participate in this Rights Issue with respect to those Options (and, if those Options
are subsequently exercised, the interest which the Shares issued consequent upon the exercise of the Options
will confer in the Company will have been diluted by this Rights Issue).
6.4

Impact on Control

Assuming the Rights Issue is fully subscribed, the New Shares will represent 9.09% of the expanded issued
share capital of the Company upon completion of the Rights Issue.
31

For personal use only

Each of the Company’s two largest Shareholders, Arkenstone Pty Ltd and March Bells Pty Ltd, and the
Director and other entities associated with each of them, have indicated to the Company that they currently
intend to participate in the Offers as follows:
1. Arkenstone Pty Ltd, Gregory Solomon (a Director of the Company) and its and his other associated
entities (“GS Entities”) will take up at least $100,000 of their collective Entitlements; and
2. March Bells Pty Ltd, Douglas Solomon (a Director of the Company) and its and his other associated
entities (“DS Entities”) will take up all of their collective Entitlements, and, in addition, March Bells
Pty Ltd has agreed to sub-underwrite 60% of the Underwritten Securities.
It is possible that:
1. if the GS Entities take up their Entitlement in full, the shareholding of the GS Entities in the Company
will increase to above 20% at the conclusion of the Offers; and
2.

if the DS Entities take up their Entitlement in full and March Bells Pty Ltd is required to subscribe
for additional New Shares (and accompanying Options) under it Sub-Underwriting Agreement, the
shareholding of the DS Entities in the Company will increase to above 20% at the conclusion of the
Offers.

If that occurs, the DS Entities and GS Entities will rely on the exception in item 9 of s.611 of the Corporations
Act (which permits an acquisition by a person which will cause their shareholding interest to exceed 20% if
throughout the 6 months before the acquisition that person has had voting power in the company of at least
19% and as a result of the acquisition that person would not have voting power in the company more than 3%
higher than they had 6 months before the acquisition).
The GS Entities and DS Entities do not intend to apply for any of the Shortfall.
The following table summarises the potential increase in the shareholding of the GS Entities and the DS
Entities as a result of the Offers:
Shareholder

Existing
Shares held

Current %
of Existing
Shares

GS Entities
DS Entities

103,638,162
101,942,867

19.633%
19.312%

Number of Shares at
Completion of the Offers
assuming they each take up
their Entitlements in full and
March Bells is issued with the
maximum possible number of
New Shares under its Sub
Underwriting Agreement
114,001,978
118,642,434

Assuming they each take up
their Entitlements in full, and
March Bells is issued with the
maximum possible number of
New Shares under its Sub
Underwriting Agreement

20.378%
21.207%

* On the assumption that none of the Existing TASOC Options (including those held by the GS Entities and
DS Entities) are converted to Shares prior to the Record Date.
In addition to the Shares set out in the above table, the GS Entities and DS Entities currently hold 13,275,966
and 13,044,823 Existing TASOC Options respectively (and, if they were to take up their Entitlements in full,
will be issued with 5,181,909 and 5,097,144 New Options respectively under the Entitlement Offer). In
addition, if there is a Shortfall, the DS Entities will be issued with additional New Options under March Bells
Pty Ltd’s Sub-Underwriting Agreement (up to a maximum of 3,252,640 New Options). The maximum number
of Options that will be held by the GS Entities and DS Entities on completion of the Offers is 18,457,875
Options and 21,394,607 Options respectively (out of a maximum of 82,521,681 Options).
If the GS Entities and DS Entities exercised all of these Options (on the assumption that none of the other
Options were exercised), the GS Entities and DS Entities’ shareholding in the Company would further increase.
The exercise by the GS Entities and DS Entities of their Options, where this will cause their respective
32

For personal use only

shareholding in the Company (at the time of exercise) to increase to above 20%, or to any amount in excess of
20%, will be conditional upon this not contravening s.606 of the Corporations Act by virtue of an exemption
contained in s.611 of the Corporations Act.
It is not anticipated that the Offer will have any effect on the future of the Company, as the GS Entities and
DS Entities have indicated to the Company that they do not have any present intention to try to change the
Company’s main activities, business or direction.
6.5

Impact on Control of Underwriting

The Underwriter is not presently a shareholder of the Company.
Given March Bells Pty Ltd has agreed (in addition to taking up all of its Entitlements) to sub-underwrite
60% of the Underwritten Securities, even assuming the Underwriter did not enter into any other SubUnderwriting Agreements and assuming further that only the GS Entities, the DS Entities and GLP Entities
take their Rights and that they do so in full), the maximum number of Shares which would be issued to the
Underwriter is 4,336,854 Shares and 2,168,427 Options. These Shares would only represent 0.77% of the
issued share capital of the Company.
Accordingly, the underwriting by the Underwriter will not have any impact on the control of the Company.
6.6

Impact on Control of Sub Underwriting Agreement

The Underwriter has entered into the Sub-Underwriting Agreement with March Bells Pty Ltd, an entity
associated with Douglas Solomon.
For the impact which March Bells Pty Ltd’s sub-underwriting may have on the shareholdings of the DS
Entities, please see sections 6.4 and 7.6.1. March Bells is not being paid any fees under its Sub Underwriting
Agreement.
6.7

Purpose of this Rights Issue and use of funds raised under this Rights Issue

The gross proceeds to be raised by the Company under this Rights Issue (i.e. before expenses) will be up to
approximately $1,478,019 (on the assumption that none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted to
Shares prior to the Record Date and this Rights Issue is fully subscribed).
The Entitlement Offer is partially underwritten (see sections 2.12, 2.13.2, 6.5, 6.6 and 6.9 for further details).
However, the Offers in this Prospectus are not conditional upon it being underwritten and if for any reason
the Underwriting Agreement is terminated (see section 6.9.1 of this Prospectus which summarises the events
which will entitle the Underwriter to terminate the Underwriting Agreement), unless the Directors otherwise
determine, the Offers will proceed.
The funds raised under this Rights Issue are to augment the existing funds held to enable the Company
(assuming this Rights Issue is fully subscribed):
(a)

to fund the costs of the Offers;

(b)

to continue exploration on the mineral exploration licences that Tasman holds in South Australia;

(c)

to provide ongoing working capital to cover operating expenses for up to twelve months;

(d)

to repay the March Bells Loan (or part thereof); and

(e)

subject to having sufficient funds available, to continue to support its investments in either or both of
Eden and Conico, as the Directors in their discretion may decide is reasonably required.
33

For personal use only

Set out below is a table summarising how, subject to the qualifications above, the Directors intend to apply the
proceeds of the Offers against the above use categories, in each of the following scenarios:
(a)

the Offers raise approximately $1,478,019 (the maximum amount);

(b)

the Offers raise approximately $934,229 (being the mid-point between the figures set out in paragraphs
(a) and (c)); and

(c)

the Offers raise approximately $390,438 (on the assumption that the Underwriting Agreement is
terminated and only the GS Entities, DS Entities and GLP Entities take their Rights to the extent
specified in section 7.6.1).

$1,478,019

$934,229
(paragraph (b)
above

$390,438
(paragraph (c)
above)

Costs of the Offers

62,500

60,000

40,000

Pernatty exploration expenditure*
General working capital*
Repayment of March Bells Loan***

400,000
815,519
200,000

400,000
334,229
140,000****

350,438
-

Funds raised under the Offers
Intended Allocation of Funds:

* If a farm-in agreement or other arrangement is entered into whereby exploration is funded by a third party,
then the Company may apply some of the funds (or the balance of these funds) to supplement the amounts
allocated to the other areas (other than the costs of the Offers) detailed in the table above and/or supporting
Tasman’s investment in Eden and/or Conico.
**The working capital funds will be used to firstly meet all the normal ongoing operating costs and expenses
of the Company and, if in the Directors’ opinion, sufficient further funds are available, to supplement the
amounts allocated to the other areas (other than the costs of the Offers) detailed in the table above and/or
supporting Tasman’s investment in Eden and/or Conico.
***The March Bells’ Loan will be repaid by the Company as follows:
(a)
the amount which March Bells Pty Ltd is required to pay under its Sub-Underwriting Agreement will
not be received by the Company in cash but by way of satisfaction and release of the March Bells’ Loan (or a
portion thereof); and
(b)
to the extent not fully repaid under paragraph (a), the March Bells’ Loan will be repaid in cash if the
aggregate amount which is subscribed under the Offers exceeds $1,200,000.
If the March Bells’ Loan is not fully repaid in accordance with the above paragraphs, the Company intends to
seek shareholder approval at the next General Meeting to issue Shares and free attaching Options in satisfaction
of the unpaid portion of the March Bells’ Loan, at the same price as the Rights Issue.
**** This amount (or a portion thereof) will be re-allocated to general working capital to the extent it exceeds
the aggregate of the amounts calculated under paragraphs (a) and/or (b) above.
Given the speculative nature of the Company’s business, the intended allocation of funds as set out above may
change depending upon market conditions.
Based on the information available to it, and its current plans and budgets (and subject to any changes thereto),
and provided this Rights Issue is fully subscribed, the Directors believe that the Company will be able to pay
its debts as and when they fall due, and fund ongoing working capital requirements for up to twelve months
after completion of this Rights Issue.
If the Underwriting Agreement is terminated and the only Qualifying Shareholders who take up their
Entitlements are the DS Entities, GS Entities and GLP Entities to the extent specified in section 7.6.1, the
34

Company’s expenditure will necessarily be more limited in extent and the Company may need access to further
funding earlier than noted above.

For personal use only

6.8

Effect on the Company's financial position

Upon the successful completion of this Rights Issue and assuming this Rights Issue is fully subscribed (and
none of the Existing TASOC Options are converted into Shares before the Record Date or the closing of this
Rights Issue), the Company's cash reserves will increase by approximately $1,478,019, minus Offer expenses.
Set out below for illustrative purposes is a historical consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 and
an unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 after the Rights Issue. The updated
pro-forma consolidated balance sheet has been prepared on the basis of the accounting policies normally
adopted by the Company and having regard to the basis and assumptions set out below.
Eden and its subsidiaries are included in the historical consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 and
the unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019, as the Company holds a
controlling interest in Eden.

35

Pro-forma
31-Dec-19

31-Dec-19

$

$

ASSETS

For personal use only

CURRENT ASSETS
Cash and cash equivalents

1,100,944

2,578,963

Inventories

689,155

689,155

Other assets

224,887

224,887

Trade and other receivables
TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS

435,774

435,774

2,450,760

3,928,779

14,571,065

14,571,065

7,562,242

7,562,242

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Exploration and evaluation expenditure
Intangibles
Investment

111,284

111,284

Property, plant and equipment

12,194,162

12,194,162

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS

34,438,753

34,438,753

TOTAL ASSETS

36,889,513

38,367,532

Trade and other payables

821,949

884,449

Provisions

154,141

154,141

Interest bearing liabilities

315,355

315,355

1,291,445

1,353,945

22,553

22,553

CURRENT LIABILITIES

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES
NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Other liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities

521,064

521,064

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

543,617

543,617

1,835,062

1,897,562

35,054,451

36,469,970

35,115,944

36,531,463

TOTAL LIABILITIES
NET ASSETS
EQUITY
Issued capital
Reserves

16,106,306

16,106,306

(28,952,607)

(28,952,607)

Parent interest

22,269,643

23,685,162

Non-controlling interest

12,784,808

12,784,808

TOTAL EQUITY

35,054,451

36,469,970

Accumulated losses

The unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet set out above has been prepared on the basis and assumption that
there has been and will be no material movements in the assets and liabilities of the consolidated entity between 1 January
2020 and the Closing Date other than:
 the advance to the Company of the March Bell’s Loan of $200,000 and it being fully repaid.
 the Rights Issue is fully subscribed raising $1,478,019; and
 the accrual of estimated expenses of the Offers of $62,500 is included in "Trade and Other Payables".
The unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2019 above is intended to be illustrative only. It
does not take into account activities occurring between 1 January 2020 and the date of this Prospectus (or the Closing
Date) other than those noted above and as such it does not accurately reflect what the actual balance sheet will be as at
the date of this Prospectus or at the completion of this Rights Issue (by way of example, the cash and cash equivalent
assets will not be as set out in the unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet because, amongst other things, no
allowance has been made in the unaudited pro-forma consolidated balance sheet for expenditure incurred in the normal
course of business of the consolidated group after 1 January 2020).

36

6.9

Material contracts

For personal use only

6.9.1

Partial Underwriting Agreement

The Company has entered into an underwriting agreement dated 3 July 2020 with RM Corporate Finance Pty
Ltd (“the Underwriting Agreement”). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, RM Corporate Finance Pty
Ltd (the "Underwriter") will underwrite 33.829% of the Shortfall (if any) remaining after completion of the
QS Shortfall Offer. The Underwriter will be required to subscribe for the Underwritten Securities at an issue
price of $0.028 per Share, giving a maximum underwritten amount (if no Valid Applications were received)
of $500,000.
In consideration of its obligations under the RMC Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter will be paid an
aggregate fee which is equal to a management fee of 1% of the maximum underwritten amount and a
lodgement fee of 5% of the underwritten amount (less the maximum amount being sub-underwritten by March
Bells Pty Ltd) (being, in the aggregate, $15,000 exclusive of GST).
The Underwriter has entered into a Sub-Underwriting Agreement with March Bells Pty Ltd (refer section 6.9.2
below) and may enter into other Sub-Underwriting Agreements with a number of persons to sub-underwrite a
further portion of the Underwritten Securities. The Underwriter will pay any commissions it has agreed to pay
to its sub-underwriters out of the fees payable to it under the Underwriting Agreement.
If the Company has complied with its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement and has not breached
any of the representations, warranties and undertakings made by it therein and the Underwriting Agreement
has not been terminated, the Underwriter must lodge or cause to be lodged with the Company applications for
all of Underwritten Securities.
The Underwriter may terminate its obligations under the Underwriting Agreement if (in the reasonable opinion
of the Underwriter reached in good faith), any of the following events ("Events of Termination") has or is
likely to have, or together have, or could reasonably be expected to have, a material adverse effect on the
Entitlement Offer, the subsequent market for the New Shares and New Options or on the condition, trading or
financial position and performance, profits and losses, results, prospects, business or operations of the
Company taken as a whole or could give rise to a liability of the Underwriter under the Corporations Act:
(1)

Prospectus: any of the following occurs in relation to this Prospectus:
(a)

the Underwriter reasonably forms the view that there is a material omission, it contains a
material statement which is misleading or deceptive, or a material statement has become
misleading or deceptive;

(b)

the Underwriter reasonably forms the view that any projection or forecast in this Prospectus
becomes, to a material extent, incapable of being met or unlikely to be met in the projected
time;

(c)

ASIC gives notice of intention to hold a hearing under section 739(2) of the Corporations Act
or makes an interim order under section 739(3) of the Corporations Act; or

(d)

any person other than the Underwriter who consented to being named in this Prospectus
withdraws that consent;

(2)

Supplementary prospectus: the Underwriter reasonably forms the view that a supplementary or
replacement document (as appropriate) must be lodged with ASIC under section 719 or section 724 of
the Corporations Act and the Company does not lodge a supplementary or replacement document (as
the case may be) in the form and content and within the time reasonably required by the Underwriter;

(3)

ASX listing: ASX does not give approval for the New Shares the subject of the Offers to be listed for
37

For personal use only

official quotation, or if approval is granted, the approval is subsequently withdrawn, qualified or
withheld;
(4)

Index change: the ASX All Ordinaries Index or the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index as
determined at close of trading falls at least 10% below their respective levels at the close of trading on
the date of the Underwriting Agreement for a total of three consecutive trading days during the
underwriting period;

(5)

indictable offence: a director of the Company or any related corporation is charged with an indictable
offence;

(6)

return of capital or financial assistance: the Company or a related corporation takes any steps to
undertake a proposal contemplated under section 257A or passes or takes any steps to pass a resolution
under section 260B of the Corporations Act, without the prior written consent of the Underwriter;

(7)

banking facilities: the Company’s bankers terminate or issue any demand or penalty notice or amend
the terms of any existing facility or claim repayment or accelerated repayment of any facility or require
additional security for any existing facility;

(8)

change in laws: any of the following changes of law occurs:
(a)
(b)
(c)

the introduction of legislation into the Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia or of any
State or Territory of Australia; or
the public announcement of prospective legislation or policy by the Federal Government, or
the Government of any State or Territory; or
the adoption by the ASIC, its delegates, ASX, the Reserve Bank of Australia or any other
regulatory authority of any regulations or policy,

which does or is likely to prohibit, restrict or regulate the principal business of the Company, the Offer
or the operation of stock markets generally;
(9)

failure to comply: the Company or any related corporation fails to comply with any of the following:
(a)
(b)
(c)
(d)

a provision of its constitution;
any statute;
a requirement, order or request, made by or on behalf of the ASIC or any governmental
agency; or
any material agreement entered into by it,

which is likely to prohibit or materially restrict the business of the Company or the Offer;
(10)

alteration of capital structure or constitution: the Company alters its capital structure or its
constitution without the prior written consent of the Underwriter;

(11)

extended force majeure: a force majeure, which prevents or delays an obligation under the
Underwriting Agreement, lasting in excess of 2 weeks occurs;

(12)

default: the Company is in default of any of the terms and conditions of the Underwriting Agreement
or breaches any warranty or covenant given or made by it under the Underwriting Agreement;

(13)

adverse change: any adverse change occurs which materially impacts or is likely to materially impact
the assets, operational or financial position of the Company or a related corporation (including but not
limited to an administrator, receiver, receiver and manager, trustee or similar official being appointed
over any of the assets or undertaking of the Company or a related corporation);

(14)

investigation: any person is appointed under any legislation in respect of companies to investigate the
38

For personal use only

affairs of the Company or a related corporation;
(15)

due diligence: there is a material omission from the results of the due diligence investigation
performed in respect of the Offers or the results of the investigation or the verification material are
false or misleading in a material respect;

(16)

prescribed occurrence: a prescribed occurrence occurs;

(17)

suspension of debt payments: the Company suspends payment of its debts generally;

(18)

event of insolvency: an event of insolvency occurs in respect of the Company or a related corporation;

(19)

judgment against a related corporation: a judgment in an amount exceeding $100,000 is obtained
against the Company or a related corporation and is not set aside or satisfied within 7 days;

(20)

market conditions: any material adverse change or disruption occurs in the existing financial
markets, political or economic conditions of Australia, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States
of America or the international financial markets or any material adverse change occurs in national or
international political, financial, economic conditions, in each case the effect of which is that, in the
reasonable opinion of the Underwriter, reached in good faith, it is impracticable to market the Offer
or to enforce contracts to issue and allot or sub-underwrite the Securities pursuant to this Prospectus
or that the success of the Offer is likely to be adversely affected.

The Underwriting Agreement contains all representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities on the
part of the Company as are usually contained in agreements of this type.
6.9.2

March Bells Sub-Underwriting Agreement
The Underwriter has entered into a Sub-Underwriting Agreement with March Bells Pty Ltd, as
referred to above at sections 6.4 and 6.6.
The following is a summary of the material terms of the Sub-Underwriting Agreement which the
Underwriter has entered into with March Bells Pty Ltd:
(a)

March Bells Pty Ltd has agreed (in addition to taking up all of its Entitlements) to subunderwrite 60% of the Underwritten Securities (the maximum number of New Shares, and
accompanying New Options (over and above the New Shares and accompanying New Options
which will be issued to March Bells in connection with its Entitlements) which will be issued
to March Bells Pty Ltd under its Sub-Underwriting Agreement (assuming the GS Entities, DS
Entities and GLP Entities take up their Entitlements in full) will be 6,505,280 New Shares and
3,252,640 New Options;

(b)

March Bells Pty Ltd has declined the Underwriter’s offer to pay it a sub-underwriting fee
(which has reduced the fees payable by the Company to the Underwriter under the
Underwriting Agreement);

(c)

March Bells Pty Ltd does not have any right to terminate its Sub-Underwriting Agreement
(provided however, in the event the Rights Issue is withdrawn, or the Underwriting Agreement
is terminated, its Sub-Underwriting Agreement will also terminate).

As stated in section 6.7, the amount which March Bells Pty Ltd is required to pay under its Sub-Underwriting
Agreement will not be received by the Company in cash but by way of satisfaction and release of the
March Bells’ Loan (or a portion thereof).

39

7.

For personal use only

7.1

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Nature of this Prospectus

This Prospectus is issued under the special prospectus content rules for continuously quoted securities in
section 713 of the Corporations Act. That section enables listed disclosing entities to issue a prospectus with
less rigorous disclosure requirements if:


the securities offered by the prospectus are in a class of securities that have been quoted enhanced
disclosure securities at all times in the 3 months before the date of the prospectus or are options to
acquire such securities; and



the company is not subject to certain exemptions or declarations prescribed by the Corporations Act
during the period during which the securities have been quoted or the 12 months before the date of the
prospectus (whichever is the shorter period).

Securities are quoted enhanced disclosure securities if:


the company is included in the official list of ASX; and



the Listing Rules apply to those securities.

The information in this Prospectus principally concerns the terms and conditions of this Rights Issue and the
information necessary to make an informed assessment of:


the effect of this Rights Issue on the Company; and



the rights and liabilities attaching to the New Shares and New Options offered under this Prospectus.

The Prospectus is intended to be read in conjunction with the publicly available information in relation to the
Company which has been notified to ASX. This Prospectus does not include all of the information that would
be included in a prospectus for an initial public offering of securities in an entity that was not already listed on
a securities exchange. Qualifying Shareholders should therefore also have regard to the other publicly
available information in relation to the Company before making a decision whether or not to subscribe for
New Shares and accompanying New Options.
7.2

Regular reporting and disclosure obligations

The Company is a disclosing entity under the Corporations Act. It is subject to regular reporting and disclosure
obligations under the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules.
These obligations require the Company to notify ASX of information about specified events and matters as
they arise for the purposes of ASX making that information available to the stock market conducted by ASX.
In particular, the Company has an obligation under the Listing Rules (subject to certain limited exceptions) to
notify ASX immediately of any information of which it becomes aware concerning the Company which a
reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of securities in the Company.
The Company is required to lodge with ASX quarterly reports which include details about its production,
development and exploration activities.
As the Company has been listed on ASX since December 2001, a large amount of information concerning the
Company has previously been notified to ASX and is therefore publicly available. All announcements made
by the Company are available from ASX.
The Company is also required to prepare and lodge with ASX both yearly and half yearly financial statements
accompanied by a Directors’ statement and report and an auditor’s report. Copies of documents lodged with
ASX in relation to the Company may be obtained from the ASX website.
40

For personal use only

A summary of the Company’s current and recent activities, transactions and projects and the financial
performance and position of the Company is set out in the quarterly activities statement lodged with ASX on
30 April 2020 and subsequent ASX releases.
7.3

Right to obtain copies of Company documents

Under section 713(4) of the Corporations Act, any person has the right to obtain from the Company, free of
charge, a copy of any of the following documents during the Offer Period:


the Company's annual financial report for the financial year ended 30 June 2019 as lodged with ASIC;



the Company’s half-year financial report for the year ended 31 December 2020 as lodged with ASIC;



any continuous disclosure notices given by the Company after lodgement of the annual financial report
for the year ended 30 June 2019 (i.e. on 25 September 2019) and before lodgement of this Prospectus
with ASIC (i.e. on 6 July 2020). Headlines for such notices are as follows:
Date

Headline

03/07/2020

Pernatty Drilling

01/07/2020

First Post-COVID-19 EdenCrete Orders - New York and Ohio

24/06/2020

Notice to Optionholders

24/06/2020

Pro Rata Non-Renounceable Rights Issue

19/06/2020

Global Market Update

02/06/2020

First OptiBlend Order From Nigeria

18/05/2020

EdenCrete and EdenCrete Pz Approved by Maine DOT

30/04/2020

Quarterly Activities Report

30/04/2020

Quarterly Cashflow Report

29/04/2020

EdenCrete – US Market Update

28/04/2020

Eden Restructures Secured Debt Financing

14/04/2020

Eden Innovations LLC – COVID-19 Update No. 2

02/04/2020

EdenCrete – Significant Repeat Order for Hardstand Area

25/03/2020

Eden Innovations LLC – COVID-19 Update

11/03/2020

Half Year Accounts

06/03/2020

EdenCrete – Port of Savannah Trial

18/02/2020

Broker Presentation

07/02/2020

EdenCrete – Port of Savannah Trial

07/02/2020

Pause in Trade

31/01/2020

Quarterly Activities Report

31/01/2020

Quarterly Cashflow Report

30/01/2020

Town of Breckenridge – EdenCrete to be in all new concrete

24/01/2020

Eden Secures US$1.85m Debt Financing for Working Capital

24/01/2020

US Patents Allowed for EdenCrete and EdenPlast
41

For personal use only

22/01/2020

EdenCrete – Global Sales and Marketing Update

20/01/2020

Pernatty EM Survey Update

14/01/2020

EdenCrete Approved by Alabama DOT

09/01/2020

EdenCrete Pz Approved by North Carolina DOT

19/12/2019

Appendix 2A

18/12/2019

EdenCrete PZ Approved by DOTs in Three US States

04/12/2019

EdenCrete Products Approved by Vermont Transportation

26/11/2019

GDOT – First EdenCrete Bridge Trial in Georgia

21/11/2019

Constitution

21/11/2019

AGM Results

21/11/2019

AGM Presentation

06/11/2019

EdenCrete Products Approved by Oklahoma DOT

06/11/2019

New Executive Appointments in Eden US

04/11/2019

EdenCrete Products Approved by Caltrans

25/10/2019

Quarterly Activities Report

25/10/2019

Quarterly Cashflow Report

22/10/2019

Notice of Annual General Meeting/Proxy Form

11/10/2019

EdenCrete Pz Approved for Use by Virginia DOT

09/10/2019

EdenCrete Approved by Louisiana DOTD

07/10/2019

EdenCrete – First Sale into New York Market

25/09/2019

Appendix 4G

25/09/2019

Corporate Governance Statement

25/09/2019

Annual Report to shareholders

These documents can also be viewed and downloaded from ASX's website www.asx.com.au under ASX Code:
TAS.
7.4

Constitution and rights and liabilities attaching to Shares

Full details of the rights and liabilities attaching to Shares are set out in the Company’s constitution, a copy of
which can be inspected, free of charge, at the Company’s registered office during normal business hours.
The following is a broad summary of the rights, privileges and restrictions attaching to all Shares. This
summary is not exhaustive and does not constitute a definitive statement of the rights and liabilities of
Shareholders.
All Shares issued pursuant to this Prospectus will, from the time they are issued, rank equally with all of the
Company’s Existing Shares.
Voting rights
Subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to any class or classes of shares (at present there
are none), at meetings of Shareholders of the Company:
42

For personal use only

(a)

each Shareholder entitled to attend and vote may vote in person or by proxy, attorney or representative;

(b)

on a show of hands, every person present who is a Shareholder or a proxy, attorney or representative
of a Shareholder has one vote (save that where a Shareholder has appointed more than one person as
proxy, attorney or representative, none of the proxies, attorneys or representatives, is entitled to vote,
and where a Shareholder is present in more than one capacity, that Shareholder is entitled only to one
vote); and

(c)

on a poll, every person present who is a Shareholder shall, in respect of each Share held by him, or in
respect of which he is appointed a proxy, attorney or representative, have one vote for the Share, but
in respect of partly paid shares, shall have such number of votes as bears the same proportion of the
amount paid up or agreed to be considered as paid up on the total issue price of that Share at the time
the poll is taken bears to the total issue price of the Share.

Rights on winding up
If the Company is wound up, whether voluntary or otherwise, the liquidator may divide among all or any of
the contributories as the liquidator thinks fit in specie or kind any part of the assets of the Company, and may
vest any part of the assets of the Company in trustees on any trusts for the benefit of all or any of the contributes
as the liquidator thinks fit. Any division may be otherwise than in accordance with the legal rights of the
contributories and, in particular, any class may be given preferential or special rights or may be excluded
altogether or in part, but if any division otherwise than in accordance with legal rights of the contributories is
determined, any contributory who would be prejudiced by the division has a right to dissent and ancillary rights
as if the determination were a special resolution passed under the Corporations Act relating to the sale or
transfer of the Company’s assets in a voluntary winding up.
Transfer of shares
Subject to the constitution of the Company, the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules and any other laws, Shares
are freely transferable.
Future increases in capital
The allotment and issue of any Shares is under the control of the Board. Subject to the requirements of the
Listing Rules, the constitution of the Company and the Corporations Act, the Directors may allot or otherwise
dispose of Shares on such terms and conditions as they see fit.
Variation of rights
Under the Corporations Act, the Company may, with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a meeting
of Shareholders, vary or abrogate the rights attaching to shares. If at any time the share capital of the Company
is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class (unless otherwise provided by the
terms of the issue of the shares of that class), whether or not the Company is being wound up, may be varied
or abrogated with the sanction of a special resolution of the Company and with the consent in writing of the
holders of three quarters of the issued shares of that class, or if authorised by a special resolution passed at a
separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.
Dividend rights
Subject to the rights of holders of shares issued with special, preferential or qualified rights (at present there
are none), the profits of the Company that the Directors determine to distribute by way of dividend are divisible
among the holders of Shares and is payable on each Share on the basis of the proportion which the amount
paid is of the total amounts paid, agreed to be considered to be paid or payable on the Share. A dividend may
be declared at a rate per annum in respect of a specified period but no amount paid on a Share in advance of
calls is to be treated as paid on that Share.
43

7.5

Rights and liabilities attaching to New Options

For personal use only

The New Options will be issued on the following terms and conditions.
(1)

The Options are exercisable at any time prior to 5.00pm WST on the date which is three years after
their issue date ("the Time of Expiry"). Options not exercised on or before the Time of Expiry will
automatically lapse.

(2)

The Options may be exercised wholly or in part by completing a notice of exercise of options
substantially in the form attached to the option certificate ("Notice of Exercise") to be delivered to the
Company's registered office and received by it any time prior to the Time of Expiry.

(3)

The Options entitle the holder to subscribe (in respect of each Option held) for one Share at an exercise
price per Option of $0.05.

(4)

Upon the exercise of the Options and receipt of all relevant documents and payment, Shares will be
issued ranking equally with the then issued Shares. If at the date of exercise of the Options the Shares
of the Company are quoted on the ASX, the Company will apply to ASX to have the Shares so issued
granted Quotation.

(5)

A summary of the terms and conditions of the Options including the Notice of Exercise will be sent to
all holders of Options when they are issued.

(6)

Any Notice of Exercise received by the Company prior to the Time of Expiry will be deemed to be a
Notice of Exercise as at the last Business Day of the month in which such notice is received.

(7)

There are no participating entitlements inherent in the Options to participate in new issues of capital,
which may be offered to Shareholders during the currency of the Options. Prior to any new pro rata
issue of securities to Shareholders, holders of Options will be notified by the Company and will be
afforded 10 business days before the Record Date (as defined in the Listing Rules) (to determine
entitlements to the issue), to exercise Options.

(8)

In the event of any reconstruction (including consolidation, sub-division, reduction or return) of the
issued capital of the Company prior to the Time of Expiry, the number of Options or the exercise price
of the Options or both shall be reconstructed (as appropriate) in a manner which will not result in any
benefits being conferred on holders of Options which are not being conferred on Shareholders and
(subject to the provisions with respect to rounding of entitlements as sanctioned by the meeting of
Shareholders approving the reconstruction of capital), in all respects, the terms for the exercise of
Options shall remain unchanged. For these purposes the rights of the Option holder may be changed
from time to time to comply with the Listing Rules applying to a reorganisation of capital at the time
of reorganisation.

(9)

The Options may be transferred at any time prior to the Time of Expiry.

(10)

Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option will be issued not more than 14 days after the
Notice of Exercise.

The Company currently has no unlisted Options on issue.
7.6

Interests of Directors

Other than as set out below or as set out elsewhere in this Prospectus, no Director has, or had within two years
before lodgement of this Prospectus with the ASIC, any interest in:
(a)

the promotion or formation of the Company;
44

For personal use only

(b)

property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its promotion or
formation or the offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus; or

(c)

the offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus,

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid and no benefits have been given or agreed to be given to
any Director other than as set out below:
(a)

to induce them to become, or to qualify them, as a Director; or

(b)

for services rendered by them in connection with the formation or promotion of the Company or the
offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus.

7.6.1

Shareholdings of Directors
As at the date of this Prospectus all of the directors (either personally, or through associated companies
or trusts) hold Shares in the Company. The Directors are all Qualifying Shareholders and will therefore
receive Rights to subscribe for New Shares (and accompanying New Options) pursuant to this Rights
Issue.
Nothing in this Prospectus will be taken to preclude any of the Directors, officers or employees of the
Company or any of their subsidiary companies from applying for New Shares and accompanying New
Options on the terms which are offered pursuant to this Prospectus.
As at the date of this Prospectus, the Directors (and their associated entities) have indicated that they
currently intend to take up their Entitlements under the Entitlement Offer as follows:
(a)
Greg Solomon has indicated that the GS Entities currently intend to take up at least $100,000
of their Entitlements;
(b)
Doug Solomon has indicated that the DS Entities currently intend to take up all of their
Entitlements; and
(c)
Guy Le Page has indicated that he (and his associated entities) currently intend to take up their
Entitlements.
The relevant interest of each of the Directors in the Shares of the Company as at the date of this
Prospectus, and assuming they take up their Entitlements in full (and having regard to the SubUnderwriting Agreement entered into by March Bells Pty Ltd), is as follows (assuming none of the
Directors exercise any Existing TASOC Options held by them into Shares prior to the Record Date):
Gregory Solomon and
Arkenstone Pty Ltd (and
associated companies)
(“GS Entities”)

Douglas Solomon and
March Bells Pty Ltd (and
associated companies)
(“DS Entities”)

Guy Le Page
and associated entities
(“GLP Entities”)

Shares held

103,638,162

101,942,867

1,784,821

New Shares offered
under the
Entitlement Offer
(estimated)

10,363,816

10,194,287

178,483

10,363,817
(100%)

10,194,287
(100%)

178,483
(100%)

Nil

6,505,280

Nil

Entitlement taken up
Maximum New
Shares to be issued
under SubUnderwriting
Agreement*

45

For personal use only

Maximum Shares
held on completion of
the Offers
(estimated)

114,001,979

118,642,434

1,963,304

Existing TASOC
Options held

13,275,966

13,044,823

Nil

New Options offered
under the
Entitlement Offer
(estimated)

5,181,909

5,097,144

89,242

Entitlement taken up

5,181,909

5,097,144

89,242

Maximum New
Options to be issued
under SubUnderwriting
Agreement*

Nil

3,252,640

Nil

18,457,875

21,394,607

89,242

Maximum Options
held on completion of
the Offers
(estimated)*

* On the assumption that only the GS Entities, DS Entities and GLP Entities take up their Entitlements
under the Entitlement Offer.
The percentage increase in the relevant interests in the Company of all of the Directors, assuming that
they take up their Entitlements in full, is as follows:

GS Entities

% of total
(current and
maximum)

DS Entities

% of total
(current and
maximum)

GLP
Entities

% of total
(current and
maximum)

Existing Shares
held

103,638,162

19.633%

101,942,867

19.312%

1,784,821

0.338%

Maximum Shares
held on
completion of the
Offers
(estimated)*

114,001,979

20.378%**

118,642,434*

21.207%**

1,963,304

0.351%

Existing TASOC
Options held

13,275,966

23.653%

13,044,823

23.241%

-

-

Maximum
Options held on
completion of the
Offers
(estimated)*

18,457,875

25.665%

21,394,607

29.749%

89,242

0.124%

*On the assumption that only the GS Entities, GLP Entities and the DS Entities take up their Entitlements
under the Entitlement Offer (and that they do so in full) and the DS Entities acquire an additional (maximum)
6,505,280 New Shares and 3,252,640 accompanying New Options under March Bells Pty Ltd’s SubUnderwriting Agreement. If for any reason the Underwriting Agreement is terminated, the DS Entities will
not acquire any Shares under March Bells Pty Ltd’s Sub-Underwriting Agreement.
It is possible that the DS Entities and GS Entities shareholding in the Company will increase to above 20% at
the conclusion of the Offers, in which case both the GS Entities and the DS entities will rely on the exception
46

For personal use only

in item 9 of s.611 of the Corporations Act 2001 (which permits an acquisition by a person which will cause
their shareholding interest to exceed 20% if throughout the 6 months before the acquisition that person has had
voting power in the company of at least 19% and as a result of the acquisition that person would not have
voting power in the company more than 3% higher than they had 6 months before the acquisition).
The exercise by the GS Entities and DS Entities of their Options, where this will cause either of their
shareholdings in the Company (at the time of exercise) to increase to above 20% or to any amount in excess
of 20%, will be conditional upon this not contravening s.606 of the Corporations Act by virtue of an exemption
contained in s.611 of the Corporations Act.
If for any reason the Underwriting Agreement is terminated, the DS Entities will not acquire any Shares under
March Bells Pty Ltd’s Sub-Underwriting Agreement. In this scenario, and on the assumption that only the GS
Entities, DS Entities and GLP Entities took up their Entitlements under the Entitlement Offer and they do so
in full, the DS Entities shareholding interest would increase from 19.001% (at present) to 20.44% and the GS
Entities shareholding interest would increase from 19.317% to 20.78%.
As stated in section 6.4 above, it is not anticipated that the Offer will have any effect on the future of the
Company, as none of the current Directors of the Company (nor, to the knowledge of the Directors, their
associated companies) have any present intention to change the Company’s main activities, business or
direction.
7.6.2

Directors' remuneration
Non-executive directors’ fees not exceeding an aggregate of $96,000 per annum have been approved
by the Company in general meeting. Levels of these fees may be varied by the Company in general
meeting according to its constitution at any time. The Company is currently paying non-executive
directors' fees of $36,000 per annum plus superannuation for each non-executive director
The remuneration of any executive director will be fixed by the Directors and may be paid by way of
fixed salary or based on agreed hourly rates according to time spent, up to an agreed maximum amount.
At the date of this Prospectus, the Company has resolved to pay to Gregory Solomon an annual fee of
$150,000 plus superannuation for acting as executive chairman.
With respect to March to June 2020, the Company has agreed with its Directors that the above fees
will be reduced by 50% and has further agreed with Gregory Solomon and Douglas Solomon that, for
the first half of 2020, no superannuation shall be payable by the Company to them.

7.6.3

Directors’ and officers’ indemnity
In accordance with the Company's constitution and to the extent permitted by law, the Company must
indemnify each Director and other officers of the Company out of the assets of the Company to the
relevant extent against any liability incurred by them in or arising out of the conduct of the business
of the Company or in or arising out of the discharge of the duties of the officer, unless the liability was
incurred by the officer through his or her own dishonesty, negligence, lack of good faith or breach of
duty.

7.6.4

Other Interests of Directors
Gregory Solomon and Douglas Solomon are partners in the legal firm Solomon Brothers that will
receive legal fees of approximately $15,000 (plus disbursements, plus GST) for services performed in
relation to the preparation of this Prospectus. Please see section 7.7 of this Prospectus for further
details of the legal fees which have been paid to Solomon Brothers in the 2 year period prior to the
date of this Prospectus.
Further, the Company has engaged the services of Princebrook Pty Ltd, a company of which Gregory
Solomon and Douglas Solomon are shareholders and directors, to provide office accommodation, use
47

For personal use only

of office equipment, accounting, secretarial and management services to the Company at a current cost
of $16,190.48 per month plus GST plus an administration fee of $809.52 per month plus GST (with
respect to March to June 2020, the Company has agreed with Princebrook to reduce these fees by
50%). The term of this contract commenced on 1 January 2015 and continues until terminated by
either party giving three months’ notice of termination to the other, which notice may be given at any
time (or until terminated consequent upon the other party’s default).
March Bells Pty Ltd, a company of which Douglas Solomon is a director and shareholder, has lent to
the Company the sum of $200,000. The March Bells’ Loan (or a portion thereof) will be repaid from
the proceeds of the Offers in the manner specified in section 6.7.
Guy Le Page is a director of and beneficial shareholder in the Underwriter, who has agreed to partially
underwrite this Rights Offer and will be paid an underwriting fee– see sections 6.9.1 of this Prospectus
for further information.
7.7

Interests of named persons

Other than as set out below or elsewhere in this Prospectus, no person named in this Prospectus as performing
a function in a professional, advisory or other capacity in connection with the preparation or distribution of
this Prospectus, promoter or stockbroker to the Company has, or had within two years before lodgement of
this Prospectus with ASIC, any interest in:
(a)

the formation or promotion of the Company;

(b)

any property acquired or proposed to be acquired by the Company in connection with its formation or
promotion or in connection with the offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus; or

(c)

the offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus,

and no amounts have been paid or agreed to be paid and no benefits have been given or agreed to be given to
any of those persons for services rendered by them in connection with the formation or promotion of the
Company or the offer of New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus.
Solomon Brothers, a legal firm of which Gregory Solomon and Douglas Solomon are partners, will receive
professional fees of approximately $15,000 (plus disbursements, plus GST) for legal work undertaken by them
in connection with this Prospectus and for work performed in relation to the due diligence process. In addition,
Solomon Brothers have rendered legal fees on account of professional services provided to the Company of
approximately $4,800 (including disbursements and GST) for the two-year period prior to the date of this
Prospectus.
7.8

Consents

The following persons have consented to being named in the Prospectus in the form and context in which they
have been named, but have not made any statements that are included in the Prospectus or statements identified
in this Prospectus as being based on any statements made by those persons and take no responsibility for any
part of the Prospectus other than their consent to be named in the Prospectus in the form and context in which
they have been named, and have not withdrawn their consent before the lodgement of this Prospectus with
ASIC:
(1)

Solomon Brothers as solicitors to the Company;

(2)

Advanced Share Registry Services as Share Registry; and

(3)

RM Corporate Finance Pty Ltd, as underwriter.

48

For personal use only

The following person have consented to being named in the Prospectus in the form and context in which they
have been named, and to the inclusion in this Prospectus of the statements which are attributed to them (or
which are said to be based on statements by them) in section 4.3 in the form and context in which those
statements have been included, but take no responsibility for any other statements in this Prospectus, and have
not withdrawn their consent before the lodgement of this Prospectus with ASIC:
(1)

Michael J Glasson, as the competent person for the purpose of the Statement in section 4.3; and

(2)

Adelaide Mining Geophysics Pty Ltd, as the Company’s consultant geophysicist.

7.9

Expenses of the Issue

It is estimated that approximately $62,500 will be payable by the Company in respect of legal, printing, postage
and other costs arising from this Prospectus and this Rights Issue if this Rights Issue is fully subscribed
(excluding GST), as follows:
ASIC prospectus lodgement fee

7.10

$3,206

ASX fees

$14,243

Legal fees and expenses

$15,000

Underwriting Fee

$15,000

Other (including printing & postage)

$15,051

Total

$62,500

Dividends

The Board is not able to indicate when and if dividends will be paid in the future, as payment of any dividend
will depend on the future profitability, financial position and cash requirements of the Company.
7.11

Australian and New Zealand taxation implications

The acquisition and disposal of New Shares and New Options in the Company will have tax consequences in
both Australia and New Zealand that will differ depending upon the individual financial affairs of each
Qualifying Shareholder. The Directors consider that it is not appropriate to give Qualifying Shareholders
advice regarding the taxation consequences of subscribing for New Shares and New Options under this
Prospectus. All Qualifying Shareholders applying for New Shares and New Options are therefore first urged
to obtain independent financial advice about the consequences of acquiring the New Shares and New Options
from a taxation viewpoint and generally. Qualifying Shareholders should consult their own professional tax
advisers in connection with subscribing for New Shares and New Options under this Prospectus.
7.12

Litigation

The Company is not currently engaged in any litigation or arbitration proceedings, nor, so far as the Directors
are aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened against the Company.

49

8.

GLOSSARY NAMES AND TERMS

Applicant means a Qualifying Shareholder who takes up all or part of their Entitlement;
Application means a valid application made by an Applicant to subscribe for New Shares and accompanying New
Options under the Entitlements Offer or the QS Shortfall Offer;

For personal use only

Acceptance Form means the personalised entitlement and acceptance form which will accompany this Prospectus.
Application Money(s) means the sum of $0.028 per New Share payable on submission of an Application pursuant
to this Prospectus;
ASIC means Australian Securities and Investments Commission;

ASX means ASX Limited (A.C.N 008 624 691) or the Australian Securities Exchange, as the context requires;

Board means the board of Directors unless the context indicates otherwise;

Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which banks are open for business in Perth, Western
Australia;
Closing Date means 5:00pm WST on 31 July 2020;
Company means Tasman;
Conico means Conico Ltd A.C.N. 119 057 457 (ASX Code: CNJ);

Corporations Act and Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth);
Directors means the directors of the Company from time to time;
Dollars or $ means Australian dollars unless otherwise stated;

DS Entities means March Bells Pty Ltd, Douglas Solomon (a Director of the Company) and its and his other
associated entities;
Eden or Eden Innovations means Eden Innovations Ltd A.C.N. 109 200 900 (ASX Code: EDE);

Entitlement means a Qualifying Shareholder’s entitlement to subscribe for New Shares (and accompanying New
TASOC Options) under the Entitlement Offer;

Entitlement Offer has the meaning given to that term in section 2.1.1 and means the offer contained in this Prospectus
to each Qualifying Shareholder of 1 New Share for every 10 Existing Shares held by that Qualifying Shareholder at
the Record Date at an issue price of $0.028 per New Share, together with 1 free attaching New Option for every 2
New Shares issued under this Prospectus;
Existing Shares means Shares on issue in the Company as at the Record Date;

Existing TASOC Options means all listed Options on issue in the Company as at the date of this Prospectus, each
to acquire 1 Share at an exercise price of $0.06 at any time up to and including 31 August 2020 (ASX Code: TASOC);
Glossary means this glossary;
GLP Entities means Guy T. LePage and his associated entities;

GS Entities means Arkenstone Pty Ltd, Gregory Solomon (a Director of the Company) and its and his other associated
entities;
Issue means the issue of New Shares and accompanying New Options pursuant to this Prospectus;
50

Listing Rules means the Listing Rules of ASX;
March Bells’ Loan means the interest free and unsecured loan of $200,000 lent by March Bells Pty Ltd (a company
associated with Douglas Solomon, a director of the Company) to the Company on or around 2 April 2020 to funds its
ongoing working capital requirements;

For personal use only

New Option means an Option to be issued under this Prospectus to subscribe for 1 Share in the Company at $0.05 on
or before the date which is three years after its issue date and otherwise on the terms and conditions set out in section
7.5 of this Prospectus;
New Share means a Share to be issued under this Prospectus;
Non-Qualifying Foreign Shareholder means a Shareholder whose registered address at the Record Date is not in
Australia or New Zealand;
Offer Period means the period commencing on the Opening Date and ending on the Closing Date;
Offers means the Entitlement Offer and the Shortfall Offer;

Official List means the Official List of the ASX;
Opening Date means the date on which the Entitlement Offer opens;
Option means a right to acquire a Share in the Company and includes (where the context permits) the Existing
TASOC Options and the New Options;
Optionholder means a holder of Options;

Prospectus means this Prospectus dated 6 July 2020 for the issue of up to approximately 52,786,405 New Shares and
up to approximately 26,393,592 New Options;
QS Shortfall Offer has the meaning given to that term in section 2.1.2.1, more details of which appear in section
12.3.1;
Qualifying Shareholder means a holder of Shares registered at 5:00pm WST on the Record Date and whose
registered address is in Australia or New Zealand;
Quotation means quotation of the New Shares or the New Options on ASX (as the case may be);
Record Date means 5.00pm WST on 10 July 2020;

Rights means the right to subscribe for New Shares (with accompanying New Options) under the Entitlement Offer
contained in this Prospectus;
Rights Issue has the same meaning as Entitlement Offer;
Securities means the New Shares and New Options to be issued under this Prospectus;

Share means one fully paid ordinary share in the Company;

Shareholder means the holder of Shares;
Shortfall means, if the Entitlement Offer is not fully subscribed, those New Shares (and accompanying New
Options) which are not taken up under the Entitlement Offer by the Closing Date;
Shortfall Offers has the meaning given to that term in section 2.1.2, more details of which appear in section 2.13;
Sub-Underwriters means all of those persons who have entered into a Sub-Underwriting Agreement with the
Underwriter;
51

Sub-Underwriting Agreements means any sub-underwriting agreement(s) which are entered into by the
Underwriter, including the sub-underwriting agreement which it has entered into by March Bells Pty Ltd (as
referred to in sections 6.6 and 6.9.2).
Tasman and Tasman Resources means Tasman Resources Limited A.C.N 009 253 187 (ASX Code: TAS);
Underwriting Agreement means the agreement between the Company and the Underwriter dated 3 July 2020, the
material terms and conditions of which are summarised in section 6.9.1;

For personal use only

Underwritten Securities has the meaning given to that term in section 2.12.

Underwriter means RM Corporate Finance Pty Ltd A.C.N. 108 084 386;

VWAP means the daily volume weighted average sale price of the Shares for such date (or the nearest preceding
date) on the ASX where trading is not halted or suspended (excluding special crossings, crossings include the open
sessions state (each as defined in the ASX Market Rules) and any overseas trades or trades pursuant to the exercise
of options over Shares) as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 10.00am to 4.02pm
(Sydney time) using the VAP function); and
WST means Western Standard Time, Perth, Western Australia.

52

9.

CONSENT BY DIRECTORS

For personal use only

Each of the Directors of Tasman Resources Limited has consented to the lodgement of this Prospectus in
accordance with section 720 of the Corporations Act.

Dated 6 July 2020

___________________________
Signed for and on behalf of
Tasman Resources Ltd
By Gregory Howard Solomon (Director)

53

For personal use only

10.

CORPORATE DIRECTORY

Directors:

Gregory H. Solomon, LLB (Executive Chairman)
Douglas H. Solomon, B.Juris LLB (Hons) (Non-executive)
Guy T. LePage, B.A, B.Sc. (Hons), M.B.A, FFIN, MAusIMM (Nonexecutive)

Company Secretary:

Aaron Gates, B.Com., CA, AGIA

Registered Office:

Level 15
197 St Georges Terrace
Perth
Western Australia
Tel:
(+618) 9282 5889
Fax: (+618) 9282 5966
e-mail: mailroom@tasmanresources.com.au
website: www.tasmanresources.com.au

Share Registry:

Advanced Share Registry Services
110 Stirling Highway
Nedlands
Western Australia
Tel:
Fax:

Solicitors to the Company:

(+618) 9389 8033
(+618) 9389 7871

Solomon Brothers
Level 15
197 St Georges Terrace
Perth
Western Australia
Tel:
Fax:

(+618) 9282 5888
(+618) 9282 5855

54

ENTITLEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE FORM
THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT. IF YOU ARE IN DOUBT AS TO HOW TO DEAL WITH IT,
PLEASE CONTACT YOUR STOCKBROKER OR LICENSED PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR.

A.C.N. 009 253 187

REGISTERED OFFICE: Level 15, 197 St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6000
SHARE REGISTRY: Advanced Share Registry Ltd, 110 Stirling Highway, Nedlands WA 6009

Sub-Register

For personal use only

HIN/SRN
Shareholding at Record Date 10 July 2020
Entitlement to Shares on 1 New Share for every 10
Existing Shares held basis
Number of free attaching Option for every 2 New
Share subscribed for and issued.
Amount payable on acceptance at $0.028 per New
Shares

For a non-renounceable pro-rata Rights Issue of up to approximately 52,786,405 Shares on the basis of one (1) new Share for every ten (10) Shares held by
Qualifying Shareholders as at 5:00pm WST on 10 July 2020, at an issue price of $0.028 per Share together with one (1) Option for every two (2) Shares
acquired free of charge (each to acquire 1 Share at an exercise price of $0.05 per Share, exercisable at any time up to and including three (3) years after their
issue date). This Rights Issue, if fully subscribed, will raise up to approximately $1,478,019 (before expenses of the Offer).
NON-RENOUNCEABLE ENTITLEMENTS ISSUE, CLOSING 5.00 PM AUSTRALIAN WESTERN STANDARD TIME ON 31 July 2020.
THIS APPLICATION FORM ACCOMPANIES A COPY OF THE COMPANY’S PROSPECTUS DATED 6 JULY 2020, WHICH INCLUDES IMPORTANT INFORMATION
ABOUT INVESTING IN THE NEW SHARES AND NEW OPTIONS. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY BEFORE APPLYING FOR
ANY NEW SHARES AND ACCOMPANYING NEW OPTIONS.
To the Directors
TASMAN RESOURCES LIMITED
1.
2.
3.

I/We the above mentioned, being registered on 10 July 2020 as the holder(s) of Shares in your Company hereby accept the below mentioned Shares
(and accompanying New Options) issued in accordance with the enclosed Prospectus dated 6 July 2020;
I/We hereby authorise you to place my/our name(s) on the register of shareholders and optionholders in respect of the number of Shares (and
accompanying New Options) allotted to me/us; and
I/We agree to be bound by the Constitution of the Company.

ENTITLEMENT
(A)

(B)

(C)

(D)

Number of Shares applied for
(being not more than the Entitlement
shown above)

Number of Shortfall
Shares (if any) applied for
(in excess of the Entitlement
shown above)*

Total New Shares
applied for

Amount Payable
(C) * $0.028

AUD$

*You should only complete (B) if you have applied for all of your Entitlement (as shown above) and, in addition thereto, you wish to apply for additional
further new Shares if there is a Shortfall. Refer section 2.13 of the Prospectus as to how applications for the Shortfall will be dealt with.

METHOD OF ACCEPTANCE

You can apply for Shares and make your payment utilising one of the payment options detailed overleaf, however please indicate which payment option
you have chosen by marking the relevant box below.



PLEASE ENTER
CHEQUE DETAILS

Drawer

Bank

Branch

Amount
$

OR



NOTE:

You can pay by BPAY. If you choose to pay by BPAY, you do not need to
return this form. Please refer overleaf for details.
Cheques should be made payable to “Tasman Resources Limited – Rights Issue”, crossed NOT NEGOTIABLE and forwarded to Advanced Share Registry Ltd, 110
Stirling Highway, Nedlands, Western Australia, 6009 to arrive no later than 5.00pm Australian Western Standard Time on 31 July 2020.

CONTACT DETAILS

Name:
Telephone:
Email:
Complete and sign below only if a change of address is to be registered with the Company
New
Address:
Signature(s):

Date:

Please indicate correct title: Director / Secretary /...........................................................
CHESS holders must contact their Controlling Participant to notify a change of address.

EXPLANATION OF ENTITLEMENT
1.

The front of this form sets out the number of Shares which you are entitled to apply for.

2.

Your entitlement may be accepted either in full or in part. There is no minimum acceptance.

3.

The price payable on acceptance of each Share is 2.8 cents.

4.

Please complete the Entitlement and Acceptance Form overleaf.

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS

For personal use only

Payment Details
You can apply for Shares by utilising the payment options detailed below. There is no requirement to return this Form if you are paying by BPAY.
By making your payment using either BPAY or by cheque, bank draft or money order, you confirm that you agree to all of the terms and conditions of the
Tasman Resources Limited Rights Issue Prospectus as enclosed with this form.
Your cheque, bank draft or money order should be made payable to “Tasman Resources Limited – Rights Issue” in Australian currency and crossed “Not
Negotiable”. Your cheque or bank draft must be drawn on an Australian branch of a financial institution. Please ensure you submit the correct amount.
Complete cheque details in the boxes provided.
Cheques will be processed on the day of receipt and as such, sufficient cleared funds must be held in your account as cheques returned unpaid may not be
re-presented and may result in your Application being rejected. Paperclip (do not staple) your cheque(s) to the Entitlement and Acceptance Form. Cash will
not be accepted. A receipt for payment will not be forwarded.
If the amount you pay is insufficient to pay for the number of Shares you apply for, you will be taken to have applied for such lower number of Shares as that
amount will pay for, or your Application will be rejected.
If the amount you pay is more than the amount payable for your full Entitlement, you will be taken to have applied for New Shares under the Shortfall Offer,
if there is a Shortfall. The Directors will at their discretion allot additional New Shares to Eligible Shareholders who apply for New Shares in excess of their full
Entitlement under the Shortfall Offer if there is a Shortfall. The Directors retain the right to place any other part of the Shortfall Offer.
Contact Details
Enter the name of a contact person and telephone number. These details will only be used in the event that the registry has a query regarding this form.
Lodgement of Application
If you are applying for Shares and your payment is being made by BPAY, you do not need to return this form however you are encouraged to return the form
to the registry for reconciliation purposes – in that case you can post the form to the registry or send it by facsimile to +61 8 9262 3723. Your payment must
be received by no later than 5.00 pm WST on 31 July 2020. Applicants should be aware that their own financial institution may implement earlier cut off
times with regard to electronic payment, and should therefore take this into consideration when making payment. It is the responsibility of the applicant to
ensure that funds submitted through BPAY are received by this time.
If you are paying by cheque, bank draft or money order, your Application must be received by Advanced Share Registry Ltd ("ASW") by no later than 5.00 pm
WST on 31 July 2020. You should allow sufficient time for this to occur. Return your Application with cheque, bank draft or money order attached.
If you have any enquiries concerning this form or your entitlement, please contact Advanced Share Registry by telephone on (+61 8) 9389 8033 or
facsimile on (+61 8) 9282 5866.
CHESS holders must contact their Controlling Participant to notify a change of address.
Telephone & Internet Banking – BPAY

By Mail

By Delivery

Call your bank, credit union or building
society to make this payment from your
cheque or saving account. More info:
www.bpay.com.au

Tasman Resources Limited Rights Issue Account
C/- Advanced Share Registry Ltd
PO Box 1156
Nedlands, Western Australia 6909

Advanced Share Registry
110 Stirling Hwy
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009

