ASX RELEASE (6 JULY 2020)

For personal use only

THC Global Canadian Operations & SPP Update
Investment Highlights:
•

CMP Wholesale continues strong performance even through COVID-19 recording record sales as
cannabis demand remains robust

•

THC Global’s Canadian Operations achieved unaudited trading revenue of A$3m in Q2 2020
– 50% PCP growth

•

Expanding turnkey cultivation service offering by providing cannabis plant genetics and seedlings for
the micro-cultivator and home-cultivator markets

•

Canadian cannabis cultivation and dealers licence in final stages of processing by Health Canada

•

Canndeo Canada finalising import authority for Australian produced medicines to be supplied in
Canada in Q4 2020

•

Share Purchase Plan closes on Friday 10 July 2020

THC Global Group Limited (THC Global or the Company) (ASX:THC) provides an update on its Canadian
operations noting continued strong performance notwithstanding COVID-19 and the launch of new service
offerings targeted at the micro-cultivator and home-cultivator sectors.
THC Global’s hydroponics equipment and cultivations solution provider, CMP Wholesale, has continued to
perform strongly given its focus on the micro-cultivator and home-cultivator markets which remained robust
against a general downturn in larger cannabis business operations in Canada. In Q2 2020, CMP Wholesale
achieved unaudited trading revenue of A$3 million – a 50% increase on Q2 2019.
Additionally, THC Global is expanding its service offering in this sector with the expected launch of Canndeo
Fulfilment, a new business unit which will provide expert advice and support in the cultivation of cannabis
including sales of plant genetics and mature seedlings. The Company is in final stage approval for its Canadian
cultivation and dealers licence for growth and sales of cannabis genetics, enabling launch of a site lease and
flower buy-back opportunity for new micro-cultivators. In providing these services, THC Global is targeting to
support a currently under-serviced sector in the cannabis market – the micro and home cultivators. First
revenues from Canndeo Fulfilment are expected to be earned in Q4 2020 following cultivation and dealers
licence grants and first production commencing.
The Company is preparing to commence export of medicinal cannabis medicines from Australia to Canada for
supply into the Canadian market under the Canndeo Canada brand. Canndeo Canada will service both the
medicinal and nutraceutical markets in Canada – both being large market opportunities with over 350,000
registered patients in Canada. THC Global’s Canadian operations have achieved Health Canada licensing for
Class I, II, III devices and Natural Health Products Subject to the grant of an export authority and matching
Canadian import authority, THC Global will produce and export an initial 3,000 bottles of medicinal cannabis
medicines to Canada in the second half of 2020. Utilising the Company’s Health Canada granted licence,
Canndeo Canada will supply these medicines through partnered cannabis clinics, telehealth and virtual clinics,
as well as direct patient supply facilities. THC Global’s rollout of the Canndeo Canada brand will target
medicines affordability with full pharma GMP licenced supply.

Suite 4102
Level 41 Australia Square
264-278 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000

THC Global Group Limited (ASX: THC)
ACN: 614 508 039
thc.global

ASX RELEASE
6 JULY 2020

For personal use only

Chief Executive Officer, Ken Charteris, commented:
“We’re pleased to see continued positive growth from our Canadian operations against the expectations
of a challenging market in the first half of 2020, by addressing the needs of the micro-cultivator and
home-cultivator market. We continue to build revenues and broaden our product and service offering
as well as our customer base. We anticipate further growth as we commence export of our Australian
produced medicinal cannabis medicines into Canada, raising the bar in the supply of affordable, high
quality, pharma GMP medicines to Canadian patients.”

Share Purchase Plan Update
The Company notes that the Share Purchase Plan (the SPP), launched on 25 June, will close on
Friday, 10 July 2020. The SPP offers eligible shareholders the opportunity to apply for up to $30,000 of new
shares at $0.30 without brokerage or other transaction costs. For further information, please contact
1300 095 761 or +61 3 9415 4125.
The Company notes that no persons referred to in ASX Listing Rule 10.11 (related parties such as directors,
certain shareholders, and associates of those persons) were able to participate in the Institutional Placement
conducted in June 2020. However, the ASX has confirmed that these persons are able to participate in the
SPP. Where the directors do participate in the SPP, those directors will disclose this to the ASX as required
under ASX Listing Rule 3.19.A2.

For further information, please contact:

Ken Charteris
Chief Executive Officer
e: ceo@thc.global

Sonny Didugu & Jarrod White
Joint Company Secretaries
e: corporate@thc.global
p: +61 2 8088 4760

The Capital Network
Julia Maguire
e: julia@thecapitalnetwork.com.au
p: + 61 2 8999 3699

ASX release authorised by THC Global’s Management Committee – the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and CEO.

THC Global Group Limited (ASX: THC) thc.global
THC Global is a diversified global cannabis company with primary operations in Australia and Canada. THC Global
is the first ASX listed entity to fully own and operate end to end commercial medicinal cannabis production facilities
under Australia’s cannabis regulations. THC Global’s Southport Facility in Southport, Australia is one of the largest
pharmaceutical GMP cannabis manufacturing facilities in the world. THC Global also owns and operates a fast
growing turnkey cultivation solutions provider, including a hydroponics equipment and supplies wholesaler and retailer
servicing the rapidly expanding cannabis sectors in North America and Europe.
For prospective patients or healthcare professionals seeking more information on medicinal cannabis, please visit:
canndeocare.com and tetrahealth.com.au.

2

