For personal use only

ASX Announcement – 6 July 2020

MONETISATION OF NON-CORE INVESTMENT

Variscan Mines Limited ("Variscan" or the "Company" or the “Group”) (ASX:VAR) focused on the
development of its high quality zinc assets in Spain, especially the Novales-Udias Project located in the
Cantabria, northern Spain, announces the sale of its entire shareholding in Thompson Resources Ltd
(ASX:TMZ).
Key Points
•
•
•
•

Clear focus on advancement of Spanish zinc assets
Non-dilutive cash inflow of A$0.48m
Additional funds allocated to enhance work programme towards maiden mineral resources
estimate and early production at the San Jose – Novales Mine
Early cash-flow would be used to sustainably fund the exploration of the contiguous
Buenahora tenement area

Having been a long-term substantial shareholder in Thomson Resources Ltd (‘Thompson’), the Board has
decided to take advantage of improved liquidity in the trading of Thompson shares and realise the
value of the investment. The net proceeds of approximately A$0.48 million will be allocated to the
development of Variscan’s high quality zinc assets in Spain.
Variscan's Managing Director & CEO, Stewart Dickson said,
‘Variscan is on track towards a maiden mineral resource estimate at the San Jose-Novales Mine. These
additional funds, raised without diluting shareholders, ensure that we remain well-funded and will allow us
to enhance the work programme for H2 2020. We look forward to reporting the results of our fieldwork
and desktop studies shortly’.
Work Plan
The work plan for H2 200 published by Variscan (refer ASX Announcement dated 02 June 2020) is on
track. The work-streams and activities are specifically designed to progress towards defining a maiden
mineral resource estimate at the San Jose- Novales Mine in a logical and step-wise approach.
Variscan is committed to its strategy of seeking to establish early production at the former Novales Mine
and use cash flow to sustainably fund the exploration of the contiguous Buenahora tenement area
situated on the Reocín Formation and hosts multiple historic workings.

ASX:VAR

Web - www.variscan.com.au

For personal use only

Figure 2. Plan of field work and desktop work for H2 2020

ENDS

This announcement has been authorised for issue by Mr Stewart Dickson, Managing Director & CEO, Variscan
Mines Limited.
For further information:

Variscan Mines Limited

Stewart Dickson

T: +61 2 9906 5220
E: info@variscan.com.au

FUNDEXA

Bill Kemmery

T: +61 400 122 449
E: Bill@fundexa.com

Notes
Variscan Mines Limited (ASX:VAR) is a growth oriented, natural resources company focused on the
acquisition, exploration and development of high quality strategic mineral projects. The Company has
compiled a portfolio of high-impact base-metal interests in Spain, Chile and Australia.
The Company’s name is derived from the Variscan orogeny which was a geologic mountain building
event caused by Late Paleozoic continental collision between Euramerica (Laurussia) and Gondwana to
form the supercontinent of Pangea.

Page | 2

ASX Announcement – 6 July 2020

