For personal use only

6th July 2020

●
●
●
●

Quarterly Update: Xref achieves strong sales during COVID-19
Sales - $2.7 million
Cash Expenses - totalled $2.8 million
Xref Credits Used - $1.7 million
Cash Receipts - totalled $2.4 million

Xref Limited (ASX:XF1), the human resources technology company, today reported a successful fourth
quarter of trading, despite the impact of COVID-19. Unaudited results show sales reached $2.7 million
and cash receipts were also strong at $2.4 million. Credit usage reached $1.7 million for the quarter,
only 18% down on Q4 FY19.
Although faced with turbulent and disrupted market conditions during the quarter, caused by the
pressures of COVID-19 globally, Xref was able to deliver a solid sales result. New clients introduced
during this time included Laureate International Universities, Frucor Suntory, NSW Public Service
Commission and Zip Co in Australia, Land Information New Zealand, The Norwegian Tax Administration
and The Telegraph Media Group in the United Kingdom. Further information about these new clients
follows as an appendix.
A Strong Foundation for Revenue (Credit Usage)
Over the past four years, Xref has focused on supporting organisations within the ‘trust’ economy, this
has included those in the health, government, not-for-profit and education sectors. Prior to COVID-19,
50% of all credit usage originated from clients in what we now class as essential services. Xref credits
used during the quarter totalled $1.7 million. An increase in usage from non-essential services saw
overall usage grow by 14% in June compared to May and showed a clear sign that businesses are starting
to recover. Clients that use Xref via an integration accounted for 33% of overall credits used during Q4
FY20.

For personal use only

Capturing Growing Market Demand
COVID-19 has accelerated global demand for remote working and, as a result, employers' desire to
improve governance is increasing and they are seeking improved ways to perform candidate verification.
Xref’s reliance on outbound direct sales activities is fast becoming replaced by the need to capture
growing market demand. The Company has witnessed a rise in inbound leads, in the most part as a result
of its channel partner integrations, global digital strategy and the network effect generated through the
numerous sectors and global regions it is used in.
Xref can acquire clients via the self-serve platform, its in-house enterprise sales teams or via channel
partners. Xref has continued to launch new integration partnerships during the quarter. Integrations with
Greenhouse, PageUp, and LinkedIn Talent Hub, as well as the next stage of the CVCheck partnership,
which saw Xref references added to the CVCheck platform, are complete and joint go to market
campaigns have all been launched.
Sales of Xref credits reached $2.7 million during the quarter, despite the effects of the COVID-19
pandemic, down by only 25% and the company’s second highest sales quarter to date.

Of the $2.7 million credits sold, 14% were new client sales, 14% came from Xref’s international offices in
Europe and North America and 63% were from clients deemed essential services during COVID-19.
RapidID, a business acquired by Xref in July 2019 contributed $0.17 million during the quarter.

For personal use only

New Zealand - a Story of Recovery
On the 25th March 2020, New Zealand entered full lockdown restrictions as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic. Credit usage was upheld by the clients deemed ‘essential’ during the crisis and, despite an
initial drop, sales started to grow from mid-April. On June 8th, a week after the New Zealand public
holiday (Queen’s Birthday), all restrictions were lifted. Sales and usage immediately returned to peak
levels.

Cost of Acquisition Decreasing - Cash Preserved
During the June quarter, 60 new clients joined Xref, down only 17% from the 72 clients acquired in Q2
FY20. The transition from outbound to inbound sales is decreasing the overall cost of acquisition. COVID19 has accelerated adoption and therefore lessened the need for direct sales. As an example, Xref closed
its Norwegian operation in April and chose to sell into the region remotely from London, this has been
validated by the success with the Norwegian Tax Office joining as a customer in May.
Since December 2019, Xref has scaled back event costs, travel, development costs, office leases and
has reduced headcount from 98 to 61 people. This has driven a dramatic and immediate reduction in
cash expenses. Cash outflows for the June quarter were down 47% to $2.8 million from $5.3 million in Q2
FY20.
Since November 2019, Xref’s primary focus has been on preserving cash and reaching cash flow break
even. Key initiatives have included:
● building efficiencies in the acquisition, onboarding, support and growth of clients;
● developing a host of channel integrations, multi-regional capabilities, and self-serve features; and
● redirecting marketing efforts from sales support to online lead generation.

For personal use only

Xref has also taken the decision to change the payroll calendar for FY21 from the current 13 periods a
year to the more traditional 12 months per year. The June payroll set for the 1st July was rescheduled for
the 30th of June. As a result:
● cash outflows for the June quarter rose from $2.4 million to $2.8 million;
● September quarter will include 3 payrolls instead of 4 as per the previous year; and
● cash outflow forecast for Q1 FY21 is $2.7 million (after government subsidies), 50% down on Q1
FY20.

On April 1st 2020 all Xref employees, senior management and executives opted to reduce standard
working hours to a four-day week until the end of the June quarter. Xref replaced salary reductions with
ordinary fully paid shares. Shares will be issued during the week commencing 6th July 2020 at the then
average volume-weighted share price. Xref returned to a five-day working week on the 1st July as a
result of the successful fourth quarter.
Business Update: Investor Call - 6th July
Chief Executive Officer, Lee-Martin Seymour, will host an investor call to discuss the Xref’s April results
on Monday, July 6th 2020 at 11:00 am AEST. The number for Australian investors is 1800 093 431 and for
international investors is +61 2 8047 9393. The conference ID is 55768070#
Management Comments:
Executive director / CEO Lee-Martin Seymour said: “For the majority of this year we have worked
through both national and global crises and have, during these times, continued our focus to reduce
costs, grow sales and achieve break-even. Our business is in a great position, we have an enormous
opportunity ahead and our people, product and brand are simply the best in the world. We have
contributed to the global effort during the pandemic and in many areas have been a critical platform to
essential services during the pandemic. Despite the disruptions of COVID0-19 we have a robust growth
strategy for FY21 and are excited about the coming year.”

Executive director / CSO Tim Griffiths said: “During the pandemic, development has not stopped, we
have seen an increase in partnership requests, further integrations launched, bespoke development
requirements, go to market activities with partners and the developments of additional features on both
the Xref and RapidID platforms.”

For personal use only

Brad Rosser / Chairman said: “The Xref business has been able to adapt to change quickly, the
management team has remained focused on the key objectives despite having to recalibrate targets
and has continued to win and grow new clients during an extremely difficult period.
Investor and media enquiries:
Presentation: xf1.com
Investor Centre: xref.com/en/investor-centre
Twitter: @xf1
Email: investors@xf1.com
Authorised by the Board: Xref Limited (ASX : XF1)

Xref Limited, Suite 17, 13 Hickson Road, Dawes Point, Sydney NSW 2000 Australia

Key points about Xref

First mover advantage

Xref provided the first automated solution for the candidate
referencing process and it is capitalising on its first-mover
advantage by focusing on and investing for international growth.

Business model

Under Xref’s business model, when clients purchase credits (credit
sales) to use the candidate referencing platform, the value of their
purchases is recognised as unearned income. When they pay for
the credits, the cash is recognised as cash receipts. Once the credits
are used by the client (usage), Xref recognises the value of the
credits used as revenue (recognised revenue).

Global addressable market

Xref’s addressable market includes more than 180 million
employees in North America, 120 million employees in Europe and
15 million employees in Australia and New Zealand.

Appendix – New clients
Laureate International Universities Australia

For personal use only

Laureate Education, Inc. is the largest international network of degree-granting higher education
institutions, with more than 850,000 students enrolled at over 25 institutions with more than 150
campuses. Across all campuses, it has more than 75,000 employees.

Frucor Suntory Australia
Frucor Suntory has been making juice since 1962. It began in New Zealand and moved into the Australian
market in 1999, along with V Energy. Since 2009, it’s also become part of the Japanese Suntory Group.
Suntory now employs almost 40,000 people globally and nearly 1,000 of them work across Australia
and New Zealand.

NSW Public Service Commission - Australia
The Public Service Commissioner (PSC) is an independent office holder and is a small department
created to support the Commissioner in the execution of their function. The PSC has the lead role in
designing and implementing workforce management strategies and reform to ensure the capability of
the NSW public sector workforce. The PSC currently employees approximately 155 staff.

Zip Co Australia
Zip Co Limited offers point-of-sale credit and digital payment services to consumers and merchants.
Over 2,100,000 customers choose to pay with Zip, and it is available online and instore at more than
23,000 retailers. Zip Co Limited currently has more than 330 employees.

Land Information New Zealand
Land Information New Zealand (LINZ) makes sure New Zealand has accurate information about where
people and places are, that people have confidence in their property rights and that Crown property is
well managed for future generations. LINZ currently employs more than 550 people.

The Norwegian Tax Administration
The Norwegian Tax Administration is a government agency responsible for resident registration and tax
collection in Norway and is based at Helsfyr in Oslo. It currently employs more than 2,400 people.

The Telegraph Media Group in the United Kingdom
Telegraph Media Group is a multi-media news publisher and is the proprietor of two well-known
newspapers in the UK, The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph. It currently employs more than
1,100 staff.

