For personal use only

ASX Announcement | 08 July 2020
Althea Group Holdings (ASX:AGH)

Althea launches online sales of its medicinal cannabis products
Investment Highlights:
•
•
•

Althea patients can now purchase products online through Althea Concierge™ and have them
delivered directly to their door, eliminating the need to visit a doctor and/or pharmacy
Althea Concierge™ has been registered with the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) as a
medical device
Althea plans to add online sales functionality to Althea Concierge™ in the UK, furthering its global
leadership in software as a medical device (SaMD) for medicinal cannabis

08 July 2020: Australian pharmaceutical company Althea Group Holdings Limited (ASX:AGH) (‘Althea’ or
‘the Company’) is pleased to announce that it has completed a comprehensive update of Althea Concierge™,
the Company’s TGA registered medical device. Additional features include an Australian first of online sales
to patients, customisable interactive treatment plans and an independent validated assessment tool used to
collect real world evidence.
Althea commences online sales of medicinal cannabis
In an Australian first, and fast tracked in response to the ongoing threat of COVID-19, Althea Concierge™ now
caters for the online sale of all Althea products. When used in conjunction with video telemedicine, Althea
Concierge™ allows doctors to prescribe Althea medicinal cannabis products via the platform and patients to
pay for their prescription online, with medication delivered directly to their door, eliminating the need for
multiple visits to both doctor and pharmacy.
Ordinarily, a patient is required to return to the doctor and pharmacy to coordinate the paperwork of federal
and state approvals for medicinal cannabis prescriptions and to secure available supply which a pharmacist
usually orders only when a prescription is presented. This contributes to time delays in commencing
treatment and is burdensome for many patients with diseases or disabilities, work or family commitments, or
limited movements due to COVID-19 social restrictions. The new functionality, when used in conjunction with
telemedicine, allows the interaction between doctor, patient, and pharmacy to take place online whilst
ensuring all relevant approvals are obtained.
Althea Concierge™ was launched in Australia in September 2018 and the platform provides medical education
and clinical evidence for Healthcare Professionals looking to prescribe medicinal cannabis. Althea Concierge™
streamlines the prescription process for doctors and allows patients to find prescribers of Althea medicinal
cannabis in their area.
New features personalise treatment and improve standard of care
The new interactive treatment plan feature allows doctors to issue personalised treatment plans directly to their
patient’s phone via the free-to-download Althea Concierge™ App. This delivers fully customised dosage
reminders to the patient, and allows the patient to record their medication usage, providing ongoing feedback
to their doctor via the secure Althea Concierge™ platform.
Additionally, the patient will be requested to complete a validated assessment survey appropriate to their
medical condition, at the start and end of their treatment plan, allowing doctors to assess their patients’

For personal use only

progress. Doctors using interactive treatment plans can view their patients’ progress at any time via Althea
Concierge™, which may assist in improving patient outcomes and the standard of care provided.
Anonymised patient symptom assessment data contributes to a body of real world evidence in support of Althea
medications, providing invaluable information about treatment efficacy back to the prescribing community.
More than 130 individual responses have already been added to this evidence database since the inception of
Althea interactive treatment plans.
The privacy and data security of the personal information of users of Althea Concierge is held at the highest
regard by Althea. Althea Concierge™ adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act
1988 (Cth) and to the extent applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Althea CEO Josh Fegan said: “We are very excited about this latest update to the Althea Concierge™ platform.
The ability for contactless sales is probably the biggest development yet for medicinal cannabis in Australia.
You need to have a lot more than just a quality product in the highly regulated prescription cannabis space
and Althea’s ongoing investment in technology, provides us with a premium value proposition that we believe
none of our competitors possess. We look forward to rolling out the updated version of Althea Concierge™ in
the UK in the coming months.”
-ENDSAuthorised by: Robert Meissner, Company Secretary

For further information, please contact:
Althea
Josh Fegan
CEO & Managing Director
M: 1300 70 20 20
E: contact@althea.life

Media Enquiries
Dan Francome
Media Relations
P: +613 9650 5096
E: dfrancome@althea.life

Althea Group Holdings Limited (ASX:AGH)
Althea Group Holdings Ltd (ASX:AGH) is a global pharmaceutical company and supplier of medicinal cannabis.
Althea also offers a range of education, access and management services to support eligible patients and
healthcare professionals in navigating medicinal cannabis treatment pathways.
Althea currently operates within highly regulated medicinal cannabis markets including Australia, United
Kingdom and Germany, with plans to expand into emerging markets throughout Asia and Europe.
To learn more, please visit: www.althea.life

