Afterpay Limited ASX: APT

For personal use only

ASX Announcement
(all currency figures are in Australian dollars unless otherwise stated)

8 July 2020
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN THE UNITED STATES

CAPITAL RAISING UPDATE
Afterpay Limited (Afterpay or the Company) is pleased to provide an update in relation to key
developments regarding the capital raising.

SUMMARY
●

Successfully raised $650 million via a fully underwritten institutional placement (Placement)

●

Placement was strongly supported by existing and new shareholders

●

Placement priced at $66.00 per share

●

A Share Purchase Plan to raise approximately $150 million will follow the Placement with
eligible Afterpay shareholders offered the opportunity to acquire additional new shares

●

Proceeds will be used to accelerate investment in growing underlying sales, and prioritising
global expansion in the short term to maximise shareholder value in the longer term

Afterpay is pleased to advise that it has successfully completed a fully underwritten institutional
Placement of 9.8 million ordinary shares at $66.00 per share, to raise $650 million.
On behalf of Afterpay's Independent Directors, Elana Rubin said: "The market has responded
strongly to our aspiration to further accelerate our investment in growing underlying sales and
expanding our global footprint, with the placement being oversubscribed. We are very pleased
with the support we have received from our existing shareholders and we welcome our new
investors to the register. We look forward to our retail shareholders being able to participate in
the SPP in the coming days."

1. PLACEMENT
Pricing for the Placement was determined via an institutional bookbuild, with an underwritten floor
price of $61.75 per share. The Placement ultimately priced at $66.00 per share, which represents
a 2.9% discount to the close of trade on 6 July 2020.
Final pricing and allocation decisions were determined on behalf of Afterpay by an independent
sub-committee of its Board in consultation with the joint lead managers and financial adviser.
1
Afterpay Limited
ACN 618 280 649
Phone: 1300 100 729
Level 5, 406 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000

For personal use only

Eligible shareholders, who bid for up to their ‘pro-rata’ share of New Shares under the Placement,
at the final price, were allocated their full bid, on a best endeavours basis.
For the remaining shares under the Placement, Afterpay sought to prioritise allocations to existing
shareholders and then introduce new shareholders, in each case based on factors including
likelihood of long term support, the strategic alignment of the investor, support to date and the
size and timeliness of bids into the book.
New shares issued under the Placement will rank equally with Afterpay's existing shares. No
shareholder approval is required for the Placement, as the Company will utilise a portion of its
existing placement capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1. Shares issued under the Placement,
once issued, will represent a 3.7% increase to total shares on issue.
Settlement of the Placement is scheduled to occur on 10 July 2020, with the Placement Shares
scheduled to be allotted through the ASX and to commence trading on 13 July 2020.

2. CO-FOUNDER SELL-DOWN
Concurrent with the Placement and as part of the institutional bookbuild, Anthony Eisen and
Nicholas Molnar have sold 2.05 million shares each at the Placement price of $66.00 per share.
Mr. Eisen and Mr Molnar have each confirmed their intention to remain as supportive and
committed investors in the Company, and have committed to not sell any further shares until after
the Company's 2020 AGM. Further details of the changes to the selling shareholders' holdings as
a result of the Co-founder Sell-down will be provided in change of Director's Interest Notices which
will be lodged with the ASX.

3. SHARE PURCHASE PLAN
As previously announced, Afterpay will offer eligible shareholders the opportunity to purchase
new shares in Afterpay under a Share Purchase Plan (SPP). Shares issued under the SPP will
be issued at the lower of $66.00, being the Placement price, and the 5-day VWAP of Afterpay
shares up to the SPP closing date.
Shareholders on the Afterpay register at 7:00pm (Sydney time) on 6 July 2020 with a registered
address in Australia or New Zealand will be entitled to subscribe for up to $20,000 worth of
Afterpay shares through the SPP, subject to eligibility criteria and other terms and conditions of
the SPP which will be set out in the SPP booklet and dispatched to eligible shareholders in due
course.
The SPP aims to raise approximately $150 million. The SPP will not be underwritten and Afterpay
may decide to scale back applications under the SPP at its absolute discretion.

Authorised by:
Anthony Eisen
CEO & Managing Director

2
Afterpay Limited
ACN 618 280 649
Phone: 1300 100 729
Level 5, 406 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000

ENDS

For personal use only

For further information, contact:
Investors:

Company:

Marie Festa
Nat McKaig
Investor Relations
Company Secretary
marie.festa@afterpay.com nat.mckaig@afterpay.com
+61 405 494 705

Media:
Melissa Patch
Media
melissa.patch@afterpay.com
+61 412 124 195

IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
This announcement is not financial product advice and has not taken into account your objectives, financial situation
or needs. This announcement has been prepared for release in Australia. This announcement does not constitute an
offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or in any jurisdiction in which such
an offer would be illegal. The offer and sale of the shares referred to in this announcement have not been, and will
not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the U.S. Securities Act), or the securities laws of
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the shares to be offered and sold in the Placement
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to persons in the United States except pursuant to an exemption
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and applicable U.S.
state securities laws. No public offering of the shares will be made in the United States. The shares to be offered and
sold in the SPP may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to any person in the United States or any person
acting for the account or benefit of a person in the United States.
FUTURE PERFORMANCE
This announcement contains certain “forward looking statements”. Forward looking statements can generally be
identified by the use of forward looking words such as, “expect”, “anticipate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”,
“predict”, “plan”, “propose”, “will”, “believe”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “target” “outlook”, “guidance” and other similar
expressions and include, but are not limited to, indications of, or guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial
position or performance of the Company, the outcome and effects of the Offer, and the use of proceeds from the
Offer. The forward looking statements contained in this announcement are not guarantees or predictions of future
performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond
the control of the Company, and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions as to
future events which may or may not be correct. Neither the Company, nor any other person, gives any
representation, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the vents expressed or implied in any forward looking
statements in this announcement will actually occur.
You are strongly cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, particularly in light of the
current economic climate and the significant volatility, uncertainty and disruption caused by the outbreak of COVID19. Any such statements, opinions and estimates in this announcement speak only as of the date hereof and are
based on assumptions and contingencies subject to change without notice, as are statements about market and
industry trends, projections, guidance and estimates. Forward-looking statements are provided as a general guide
only. The forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are not indications, guarantees or predictions
of future performance and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors, many of which are
beyond the control of Afterpay, and may involve significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions as to
future events which may or may not be correct. Forward-looking statements may also assume the success of
Afterpay's business strategies. The success of any of these strategies is subject to uncertainties and contingencies
3
Afterpay Limited
ACN 618 280 649
Phone: 1300 100 729
Level 5, 406 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000

For personal use only

beyond Afterpay's control, and no assurance can be given that any of the strategies will be effective or that the
anticipated benefits from the strategies will be realised in the period for which the forward-looking statements may
have been prepared or otherwise. Refer to Appendix A ‘Key risks’ of Afterpay's investor presentation dated 7 July
2020 for a summary of certain risk factors that may affect Afterpay.
There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
Several important factors could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from the forward-looking
statements, including (without limitation) the risks and uncertainties associated with the ongoing impacts of COVID19, the Australian and global economic environment and capital market conditions and other risk factors set out in
this announcement. Other risks may materially affect the future performance of Afterpay and the price of Afterpay
shares. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to management or that management currently believe
not to be material may also affect Afterpay's business.
No representation, warranty or assurance (express or implied) is given or made in relation to any forward-looking
statement by any person (including Afterpay or any of its advisers). In particular, no representation, warranty or
assurance (express or implied) is given that the occurrence of the events expressed or implied in any forward-looking
statements in this announcement will actually occur. Actual operations, results, performance, production targets or
achievement may vary materially from any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions on which
those statements are based. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company and its directors, officers,
partners, employees, advisers, agents and intermediaries disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any
updates or revisions to the information to reflect any change in expectations or assumptions. Except as required by
law or regulation (including the ASX Listing Rules), the Company undertakes no obligation to provide any additional
or updated information whether as a result of new information, future events or results or otherwise. Indications of,
and guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial position or performance are also forward looking statements.

4
Afterpay Limited
ACN 618 280 649
Phone: 1300 100 729
Level 5, 406 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000

