For personal use only

ASX Announcement

8 July 2020

Alcoa of Australia Ltd Taxation Assessments

In its 2019 Annual Report, Alumina Limited (Alumina) noted that the Australian Taxation Office (ATO) has
undertaken a transfer pricing examination in respect of certain historical third-party alumina sales made by Alcoa
of Australia Limited (AoA) over a 20 year period. Alumina also noted that, as a result of that examination, the
ATO had issued a statement of audit position (SOAP) to AoA. The SOAP proposed adjustments that would result
in additional income tax payable by AoA of approximately A$212 million, exclusive of interest and penalties.
The following update is provided today by Alumina on this matter:
•

The SOAP was the subject of an internal review process within the ATO. The ATO has completed that
process, and has now issued AoA with Notices of Assessment (the Notices) in respect of this matter.
The Notices assert claims for additional income tax payable by AoA of approximately A$214 million,
which is approximately A$2 million higher than the amount previously reported by Alumina.

•

The Notices also include claims for compounded interest on the primary tax amount totalling
approximately A$707 million. The ATO said that it will invite AoA to provide grounds to support a
remission of the interest charges and Alumina understands AoA intends to make submissions to the
ATO that the interest amount should be remitted (i.e. should not be fully payable).

•

The ATO is also expected to assess administrative penalties and has informed AoA that its proposed
position will be communicated in August 2020. AoA expects to have an opportunity to respond to the
ATO’s proposed position prior to receiving a formal penalty assessment. The ATO has not indicated the
amount of administrative penalties it proposes to apply in this matter, and AoA is not in a position to
estimate the amount, if any, at this time.

•

In accordance with the ATO’s dispute resolution practices, AoA expects to pay 50% of the assessed
primary income tax amount (exclusive of interest and any penalties), being approximately A$107
million, out of cash flows in the third quarter of 2020. In exchange, the ATO is not expected to seek
further payment prior to final resolution of the matter. This will reduce Alumina’s share of AWAC
distributions in August 2020 by approximately USD28m.

•

AoA’s obligation to make any further payment of this primary tax amount, or payment of any penalty or
interest amount advised by the ATO, will be determined through the objection and court processes
available to AoA. If AoA is ultimately fully successful, the 50% part-payment to the ATO would be
refunded. Further interest on the unpaid amounts will continue to accrue during the dispute.

•

Alumina (as the owner of 40% of the capital of AoA) considers that the relevant historical alumina sales
(which are the subject of the transfer pricing review and Notices, and were ultimately to Aluminium
Bahrain B.S.C.) were the result of arm’s length dealings by AoA, and made at arm’s length prices to an
unrelated third party that were consistent with the sales prices paid by other third party alumina
customers at the relevant time. Alumina notes that the ATO is seeking to assess tax on sales revenue
which it contends that AoA should have received, rather than the amounts actually received by AoA.
Neither AoA nor any related entity received any benefit other than the sales revenue received over the
relevant period from an unrelated party.

•

AoA will defend its position in respect of the ATO’s Notices (and the associated interest claim and any
penalty assessed), and pursue all available dispute resolution methods, up to and including the filing of
court proceedings. No tax expense has been recognised by AoA in relation to this matter, and the
payment will be recorded as a prepaid tax asset on its balance sheet.

•

Alumina also notes that, over the last decade, AoA has paid approximately A$3.1 billion in income taxes
in Australia, with an effective income tax rate of approximately 30% over this period.

This ASX announcement was approved and authorised for release by Mike Ferraro, Chief Executive Officer.

For personal use only

Forward-looking statements
Neither Alumina Limited nor any other person warrants or guarantees the future performance of Alumina Limited or any return on any
investment made in Alumina Limited securities. This document may contain certain forward-looking statements, including forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words “anticipate”, "aim", "believe", "expect",
"project", “estimate”, "forecast", "intend", "likely", “should”, "could", "will", "may", "target", "plan” and other similar expressions (including
indications of "objectives") are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future financial position and
performance and distributions, and statements regarding Alumina Limited's future developments and the market outlook, are also forwardlooking statements.
Any forward-looking statements contained in this document are not guarantees of future performance. Such forward-looking statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Alumina Limited and its
directors, officers, employees and agents that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such
statements. Those risks, uncertainties and other factors include (without limitation): (a) material adverse changes in global economic
conditions, alumina or aluminium industry conditions or the markets served by AWAC; (b) changes in production or development costs,
production levels or sales agreements; (c) changes in laws, regulations or policies; (d) changes in alumina or aluminium prices or currency
exchange rates; (e) Alumina Limited does not hold a majority interest in AWAC and decisions made by majority vote may not be in the best
interests of Alumina Limited; and (f) the other risk factors summarised in Alumina Limited’s Annual Report 2019. Readers should not place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, Alumina Limited disclaims any responsibility to update or revise
any forward-looking statements to reflect any new information or any change in the events, conditions or circumstances on which a
statement is based or to which it relates.

Stephen Foster
Company Secretary
For investor enquiries:

For media enquiries:

Charles Smitheram
Manager – Treasury & Investor Relations
Phone: +61 3 8699 2613 / +61 412 340 047
charles.smitheram@aluminalimited.com

Tim Duncan
Hinton and Associates
Phone: +61 3 9600 1979
Mobile: +61 408 441 122

