For personal use only

ASXASX
RELEASE
| 16|February
2017
RELEASE
8 July 2020

PROSPECTIVE GOLD – COPPER TARGETS IDENTIFIED WITHIN
CULLARIN WEST PROJECT, LACHLAN FOLD BELT

HIGHLIGHTS


Seven high priority targets identified at Cullarin West project following desktop review of
publicly available geological and geophysical information



Targets have multiple geological similarities to the Hume Target within Sky Metals’ adjacent
Cullarin Project, where 93m at 4.24 g/t gold from 56m was intersected



Reconnaissance field work will now be undertaken on the high priority targets at Cullarin West
upon tenement grant which is anticipated this quarter]



Field work to initially comprise comprehensive mapping and outcrop sampling across the
defined targets, along with close spaced soil sampling in suitable areas, with the aim of
delineating targets for drill testing later in CY2020



Two distinct target areas defined within the Project - Cullarin West and Yass



The Yass area contains the Gooda Creek and the Dalton goldfields, with target generation in
progress by Company consultants



Celsius continues to review potential acquisitions and investments in commodities which
complement and/or diversify the Company's current commodity exposure

Celsius Resources Limited (Celsius or the Company) (ASX: CLA) is pleased to provide an update on activities
at its 100% owned Cullarin West Project in the Lachlan Fold Belt region of NSW, Australia.
A desktop review of publically available geological and geophysical information undertaken by consultants to
the Company has identified multiple targets prospective for McPhillamys-style gold mineralisation at the Cullarin
West prospect. The Cullarin West project is located adjacent to and along strike of Sky Metals’ (ASX:SKY)
Cullarin discovery (See Figure 1 for Location Map).
The review indicated seven priority targets with multiple geological similarities to the Hume Target within Sky
Metals’ Cullarin project where 93m at 4.24 g/t gold from 56m was intersected (refer ASX.SKY Announcement
10 February 2020).
This desktop review follows the Company’s initial appraisal of Cullarin West, including a site visit, which indicated
the project is underlain by similar geological and structural features which host mineralisation at Cullarin. Only
limited historical exploration has been undertaken in the tenement area due to widespread recent cover
obscuring bedrock geology, an assessment confirmed by the more detailed desktop work.
Level 2, 22 Mount Street,
Perth WA 6000
PO Box 7054, Cloisters Square,
Perth WA 6850

P: +61 8 6188 8181
F: +61 8 6188 8182
info@celsiusresources.com.au
www.celsiusresources.com.au

For personal use only

Celsius Resources Chairman Bill Oliver said:
“This is an exciting phase in our early work on Cullarin West with seven priority targets identified within our
license which lies along strike from Sky Metals recent Hume discovery. Upon tenement grant, anticipated this
quarter, we intend to undertake reconnaissance field work at four of these targets potentially leading to drill
testing later this year. I look forward to updating investors and the boarder market as we progress with our
exploration of this highly prospective project along with the other opportunities we continue to evaluate.”

Figure 1: Location map of Cullarin West Project and Sky Metals’ Cullarin discovery

Desktop Review Highlights
The review of Cullarin West identified an extensive linear magnetic low feature within the project likely to be
caused by alteration. Up to 10km of strike from the Hume fault may lie on the Celsius license to the southwest
of the Hume Prospect (ASX:SKY). North and northwest trending intersecting cross structures, also identified
from the magnetic data on the license, have similarities to those observed at the Hume Prospect. (See Figure 2).

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

2

For personal use only

Figure 2: Geological interpretation and magnetics at the Cullarin West Project

Celsius has also identified several circular magnetic high features on the license similar to those identified at the
Boda prospect, a discovery by Alkane Resources (refer to ASX:ALK announcement 9 September 2019) which
has sparked fresh exploration for Ordovician-aged copper-gold porphyry systems within the Lachlan Ford Belt.
Anomalies occur within or very close to the Ordovician-Silurian contact which is the geological setting for the
Cadia-Ridgeway deposits held by Newcrest Mining to the north.
Several prominent potassium anomalies identified in the radiometric data along trend from the Hume Prospect
confirms similar potassic alteration haloes extend onto the Celsius license. (Figure 3)
In addition, limited soil data on the eastern edge of the licence (Figure 3) indicates highly elevated copper-leadzinc-anomalies coincident with potassic anomalies which are pathfinder metals typical of McPhillamys style gold
deposits (2.3 Moz Au).

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

3

For personal use only

Figure 3: Interpreted potassic alteration at the Cullarin West Project based on radiometrics

During the desktop research, the Company also reviewed historical drilling data including drillhole DDH W-1
which was drilled by North Broken Hill in 1978 and is located near one of the identified magnetic features.
DDH W-1 intersected an extensive silica-magnetite-pyrite-altered felsic porphyry dyke. Sludge samples from
DDH W-1 returned elevated levels of silver and base metals, but were not analysed for gold (refer ASX
Announcement 4 June 2020).
This drillhole has been located at the NSW Geological Survey core library in Sydney. The core library has reopened post COVID-19 lockdown and the Company is looking forward to viewing and sampling the core from
DDH W-1 in coming weeks.

Targets Identified – Cullarin West
The review has identified seven priority targets interpreted from the compilation of geophysical and geochemical
and structural interpretation (See Figure 4)
ASX RELEASE | PAGE

4

For personal use only

Targets 1, 2 and 3 are interpreted to be McPhillamy’s style gold-copper-zinc-lead targets hosted in Silurian
volcanics along the extension to the Hume Trend while targets 1, 4, 5, 6 and 7 are interpreted to be Cadia style
porphyry style copper-gold targets that occur close to the Ordovician Silurian contact.
Reconnaissance field work will now be undertaken, upon tenement grant, on the high priority targets within the
licence following completion of access agreements with the relevant landowners. Field work will initially comprise
comprehensive mapping and outcrop sampling across the defined targets, along with close spaced soil sampling
in suitable areas, with the aim of delineating targets for drill testing later in the year. The information from DDH
W-1 will be used to aid this targeting.

Figure 4: All anomalies and structures at Cullarin West over interpreted geology
and priority targets identified from review.

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

5

For personal use only

Figure 5: Regional Map

In addition to Cullarin West, Celsius continues to review potential acquisitions and investments in commodities
which complement or diversify the Company's current commodity exposure.
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors of Celsius Resources Limited.
Celsius Resources Contact Information
Level 2, 22 Mount Street
Perth WA 6000
PO Box 7054
Cloisters Square Perth WA 6850
P: +61 8 6188 8181
F: +61 8 6188 8182
E: info@celsiusresources.com.au
www.celsiusresources.com.au
Media contact
David Tasker / Colin Jacoby
Chapter One Advisors
M: +61 433 112 936 / +61 439 980 359
E: dtasker@chapteroneadvisors.com.au / cjacoby@chapteroneadvisors.com.au

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

6

For personal use only

Competent Persons Statement
Information in this report relating to Exploration Results is based on information reviewed by Leo Horn, who is a Member of the
Australian Institute of Geoscientists and a consultant to Celsius Resources. Mr. Horn has sufficient experience which is relevant to the
style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent
Person as defined by the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves. Mr. Horn consents to the inclusion of the data in the form and context in which it appears.

Appendix 1: The following tables are provided to ensure compliance with the JORC Code (2012)
requirements for the reporting of Exploration Results for the Cullarin West Project.
Section 1: Sampling Techniques and Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques



 Soil sampling carried out in 1974 by Continental Exploration. Samples
taken from the B horizon in areas of residual soil, away from drainage,
lakes and obvious transported cover.





Drilling
techniques



Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard measurement
tools appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc).
These examples should not be taken as
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any measurement
tools or systems used.
Aspects of the determination of
mineralisation that are Material to the Public
Report. In cases where ‘industry standard’
work has been done this would be relatively
simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling was
used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3
kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge
for fire assay’). In other cases more
explanation may be required, such as
where there is coarse gold that has inherent
sampling problems. Unusual commodities
or mineralisation types (eg submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed
information.
Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation,
open-hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger,
Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by
what method, etc).

 Geophysical datasets sourced from the NSW Geological Survey via
its Minview platform. Datasets reviewed included magnetics (Total
Magnetic Intensity (TMI) and TMI 1st vertical derivate, both Reduced
to Pole (RTP)), radiometrics (K, Th, U and ternary images created by
combination of K-Th-U coverage as R-G-B colours) and mapped /
interpreted geological coverages.

 No drilling results are presented

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

7

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Drill sample
recovery



Method of recording and assessing core
and chip sample recoveries and results
assessed.
Measures taken to maximise sample
recovery and ensure representative nature
of the samples.
Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and whether
sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material.
Whether core and chip samples have been
geologically and geotechnically logged to a
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.
The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged.

 No drilling results are presented

If core, whether cut or sawn and whether
quarter, half or all core taken.
If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled,
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or
dry.
For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation
technique.
Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
Measures taken to ensure that the sampling
is representative of the in situ material
collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to
the grain size of the material being
sampled.
The nature, quality and appropriateness of
the assaying and laboratory procedures
used and whether the technique is
considered partial or total.
For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
parameters used in determining the
analysis including instrument make and
model, reading times, calibrations factors
applied and their derivation, etc.
Nature of quality control procedures
adopted (eg standards, blanks, duplicates,
external laboratory checks) and whether
acceptable levels of accuracy (ie lack of
bias) and precision have been established.

 No drilling results are presented




Logging






Sub-sampling
techniques
and sample
preparation









Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests







 No drilling results are presented

 The sub sampling technique for the soils samples is not reported, as
to whether the sample was sieved in the field or submitted in its
entirety to the laboratory.

 Samples were analysed at McPhar Laboratories. It is assumed that
the samples were dried and milled as per industry standards. A 0.25g
sub sample was leached with concentrated perchloric acid for 1hr
then analysed by AAS for Cu, Pb and Zn.
 Publically available geophysical data has been checked and validated
before integration into the NSW-wide database

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

8

For personal use only

Verification of 
sampling and
assaying



Location of
data points







Data spacing
and
distribution






Orientation of
data in
relation to
geological
structure



Sample
security



Audits or
reviews





The verification of significant intersections
by either independent or alternative
company personnel.
The use of twinned holes.
Documentation of primary data, data entry
procedures, data verification, data storage
(physical and electronic) protocols.
Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and
other locations used in Mineral Resource
estimation.
Specification of the grid system used.
Quality and adequacy of topographic
control.
Data spacing for reporting of Exploration
Results.
Whether the data spacing and distribution is
sufficient to establish the degree of
geological and grade continuity appropriate
for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
Whether sample compositing has been
applied.
Whether the orientation of sampling
achieves unbiased sampling of possible
structures and the extent to which this is
known, considering the deposit type.
If the relationship between the drilling
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised structures is considered to
have introduced a sampling bias, this
should be assessed and reported if
material.
The measures taken to ensure sample
security.
The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data.

 No drilling results are presented



Soil sampling points were recorded on a plan (DIGS reference
R00022398). These points were digitized by Golden Cross
Operations (DIGS reference R00047774). Due to the nature of the
historical data it should be assumed that the accuracy is + / - 100m.

 All information uses Map Grid of Australia (1994).
 Soil sampling was completed on a 400 feet x 100 feet grid, with
samples not taken from areas of drainage, lakes (wet or dry) or any
areas where surface material was believe to be transported.

 Sampling grid laid out using a baseline trending NNE
 Baseline broadly follows regional trend, but may not have achieved
unbiased sampling of mineralised structures.

 No details of sample security reported.


No audits or reviews have been undertaken.

ASX RELEASE | PAGE

9

For personal use only

Section 2: Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status



Type, reference name/number, location and
ownership including agreements or material
issues with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties,
native title interests, historical sites,
wilderness or national park and
environmental settings.
The security of the tenure held at the time of
reporting along with any known
impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.

 The Cullarin West Project comprises a single Exploration License
Application ELA5928.

Acknowledgment and appraisal of
exploration by other parties.

 Historical exploration was carried out by North Broken Hill Limited
(subsequently North Ltd), Transit Mining and Commissioners Gold
Limited. Previous work referred to in this announcement was carried
out by Continental Explorations Pty Ltd and compiled by Golden Cross
Operations Pty Ltd.



Exploration
done by other
parties



 To the Company’s knowledge no environmental or culturally significant
sites are located within the application area
 A number of private properties are located across the application area
and access will need to be negotiated with landowners

 Historical exploration in the area has occurred over a number of years
with data being compiled as part of initial evaluation of the project.
Geology



Deposit type, geological setting and style of
mineralisation.



Drill hole
Information



A summary of all information material to the
understanding of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the following
information for all Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the drill hole
collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level –
elevation above sea level in metres) of
the drill hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception
depth
o hole length.
If the exclusion of this information is justified
on the basis that the information is not
Material and this exclusion does not detract
from the understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should clearly explain
why this is the case.

 No drilling results presented



The tenement is situated near to and along the eastern margin of the
Siluro-Ordivician Molong Belt; part of the Macquarie Arc of the
Lachlan Fold Belt. Major copper-gold deposits occur in the Ordivician
volcanics in the Lachlan Fold Belt where porphyry deposits formed
within a 1,000km long intraoceanic island arc. The Silurian volcanic
sequence is now understood to host gold mineralisation associated
with volcanic hosted massive sulphide deposits (VHMS deposits) and
sub-volcanic porphyries. Mineralisation models for Silurian-hosted
mineralisation is still evolving aided by recent discoveries such as
Sky’s Hume Deposit.



ASX RELEASE | PAGE 10

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Data
aggregation
methods



 No data aggregation has been used.





Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths



Diagrams



Balanced
reporting



Other
substantive
exploration
data



Further work








In reporting Exploration Results, weighting
averaging techniques, maximum and/or
minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate
short lengths of high grade results and
longer lengths of low grade results, the
procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of
such aggregations should be shown in
detail.
The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated.
These relationships are particularly
important in the reporting of Exploration
Results.
If the geometry of the mineralisation with
respect to the drill hole angle is known, its
nature should be reported.
If it is not known and only the down hole
lengths are reported, there should be a
clear statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole
length, true width not known’).
Appropriate maps and sections (with scales)
and tabulations of intercepts should be
included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be
limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views.
Where comprehensive reporting of all
Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low and
high grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of
Exploration Results.
Other exploration data, if meaningful and
material, should be reported including (but
not limited to): geological observations;
geophysical survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test
results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.
The nature and scale of planned further
work (eg tests for lateral extensions or
depth extensions or large-scale step-out
drilling).
Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of
possible extensions, including the main
geological interpretations and future drilling
areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.

 No drilling results presented

 See relevant maps in the body of this announcement.

 All available data has been presented in figures.

 Exploration data for the project continues to be reviewed and assessed
and new information will be reported if material.

 Further work is detailed in the body of the announcement.

ASX RELEASE | PAGE 11

