ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

For personal use only

08 July 2020

HIGH-GRADE COPPER SURFACE SAMPLES AT THE CUE COPPER PROJECT
HIGHLIGHTS


12.3% Cu in Rapier West north costean surface sample



13.0% Cu in Mt Eelya Gossan 1 surface sample



10.6% Cu in Mt Eelya Gossan 3 surface sample



10.2% Cu in Mt Eelya Gossan 8 surface sample

Note: Rounding applied to the grades

Cyprium Metals Limited (“CYM” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce the results from a
regional field mapping and surface sampling campaign at the Cue Copper Project’s Rapier West
and Mt Eelya prospects, to the north-west of the Hollandaire deposits as illustrated in Figure 1.
A review and field inspection was conducted on the regional prospects to prioritise targets for
the next phases of drilling as part of the Company’s strategy to increase its copper resource base
at the Cue Copper Project.
Samples were taken of mineralised quartz/iron gossans at the Rapier West locations in Figure 2
and in Images 1 and 2, which returned the assay results as outlined in Table 1. These sample
locations had been identified in late 2019 and drilling is planned during the second half of 2020,
as detailed in Table 2, to test the structure which is dipping 75° to the south west.
Samples were also taken of mineralised and un-mineralised quartz/iron gossans at Mt Eelya as
illustrated in Figures 3 and 4, and in Images 3 to 6 , which returned the assay results as outlined
in Table 3. Eight gossan outcrops were mapped at Mt Eelya and four were noted to contain
significant mineralisation. It is planned to drill test for extensions of these structures that dip
steeply to the south west during the second half of 2020 as detailed in Table 4 and Figure 4.
Executive Director Barry Cahill commented “We are pleased to report these high-grade copper
samples as part of our regional review programmes to increase the copper resource base at the
Cue Copper Project.
We look forward to updating the market with assay results as they become available as we
continue to progress the Cue Copper Project.”

ABN 48 002 678 640
T +61 8 6169 3050
ASX: CYM

Level 2, 38 Rowland Street
Subiaco, WA, 6008
www.cypriummetals.com

For personal use only

Figure 1 | Location of Mt Eelya and Rapier prospects at the Cue Copper Project

Figure 2 / Rapier West surface sample locations

For personal use only

Image 1 / Rapier West south costean samples at mapping point: 613827 mE / 6975055 mN

Image 2 / Rapier West north costean samples at mapping point: 613820 mE / 6975075 mN

For personal use only

Figure 3 / Mt Eelya gossans mapping and sampling points

Image 3 / Mt Eelya Gossan 1 sample at mapping point: 613005 mE / 6977500 mN

For personal use only

Image 4 / Mt Eelya Gossan 3 samples at mapping point: 613025 mE / 6977405 mN

Image 5 / Mt Eelya Gossan 8 outcrop at mapping point 612785 mE / 6977615 mN

For personal use only

Image 6 / Mt Eelya Gossan 8 samples at mapping point 612785 mE / 6977615 mN

Figure 4 / Mt Eelya proposed drillhole collar locations

For personal use only

Table 1 / Rapier West surface sampling results

Table 2 / Planned RC drillholes at the Rapier West prospect

Table 3 / Mt Eelya surface sampling results

Table 4 / Planned RC drillholes at the Mt Eelya prospect

For personal use only

Earn-in and Joint Venture
Pursuant to an agreement between a wholly owned subsidiary of CYM and Musgrave Minerals
Limited (ASX: MGV), an option was granted by Musgrave Minerals Limited to earn-in and joint
venture for an 80% interest in the non-gold rights over the tenements at the Cue Copper Project
(CYM ASX Release 25 March 2019).
The earn-in expenditure requirement for an 80% interest in the non-gold rights over the
tenements at the Cue Copper Project, WA was met during the March 2020 quarter which was
required for the transfer of the interests and formation of the joint venture (CYM quarterly
activities report released on 17 April 2020).
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised by the Board.

For further information:
Barry Cahill
Executive Director
Wayne Apted
Chief Financial Officer
and Company Secretary
T +61 8 6169 3050
E info@cypriummetals.com

Competent Persons
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and/or Mineral Reserves
is an accurate representation of the available data and is based on information compiled by Mr Peter van Luyt who is a member
of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Peter van Luyt is the Chief Geologist of Cyprium Australia Pty Ltd, in which he is
also a shareholder. Mr. van Luyt has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit
under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person (CP). Mr. van Luyt consents to
the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1 report

For personal use only

Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised
industry
standard
measurement tools appropriate to the
minerals under investigation, such as
down hole gamma sondes, or handheld
XRF instruments, etc). These examples
should not be taken as limiting the
broad meaning of sampling.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate
calibration
of
any
measurement tools or systems used.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Aspects of the determination of
mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report. In cases where ‘industry
standard’ work has been done this
would be relatively simple (e.g. ‘reverse
circulation drilling was used to obtain 1
m samples from which 3 kg was
pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for
fire assay’). In other cases, more
explanation may be required, such as
where there is coarse gold that has
inherent sampling problems. Unusual
commodities or mineralisation types
(e.g. submarine nodules) may warrant
disclosure of detailed information.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation,
open-hole hammer, rotary air blast,
auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details
(e.g. core diameter, triple or standard
tube, depth of diamond tails, facesampling bit or other type, whether core
is oriented and if so, by what method,
etc).

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Drilling
techniques

Rock chip samples
Rock chip samples were taken by breaking
material from outcropping rock using a standard
and masonry hammer. Samples are points of the
noted mineralisation and may not represent the
grade of the full width of the shear at the sample
points.

Rock chip samples
Sample representivity has been ensured by
following company quality control (QC) sampling
procedures. Quality Assurance has been
addressed by inserting certified standards and
blanks (CRMs) into the submitted assay batches.
Excessive variance or inaccuracy of the CRMs will
be investigated by Cyprium Metals staff for causes
and corrective actions applied if required.

Rock chip samples
Rock chip sampling is a standard industry
technique to test the prospectivity of outcropping
mineralisation.
3kg rock chip samples were submitted to Bureau
Veritas Canning Vale WA for gold and base metal
analysis. Samples will be crushed and pulverised
then 40g subsampled and fire assayed with AAS
finish (FA001) for gold, mixed acid digest (MA200)
with ICP-OES finish for Cu, Zn and S and ICP-MS
finish for Ag and Pb.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
RC drilling has been planned at Mt Eelya and
Rapier West and it is intended to utilise the
Challenge Drilling Pty Ltd KWL 350 drill rig to
undertake the programme.
The drill rig has an onboard 350/1,100 compressor
and an Atlas Copco 1,000 cfm auxiliary
compressor. 4” RC drill rods were with 5.75” face
sampling drill bits. Downhole surveys will be

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

completed with a north seeking gyroscopic tool, not
subject to downhole magnetic interference.
Drill sample
recovery

Method of recording and assessing
core and chip sample recoveries and
results assessed.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Booster air pressure will be used to keep samples
dry below the water table which is estimated to be
at 40m below the ground surface.
RC sample recovery will be visually checked during
drilling for moisture or contamination and corrective
actions undertaken should any be noted.

Measures taken to maximise sample
recovery and ensure representative
nature of the samples.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
RC bulk samples will be collected from the drill rig
splitter 90% section in a 25l bucket and placed on
the ground in rows of 10 for logging and if required
sampling. A 3 to 5kg reference sample will be
collected directly from the drill rig cone splitter 10%
section in a calico bag. Low sample return will be
monitored and corrected by Cyprium geologists
during the drilling campaign.
The drill cyclone/splitter and sample buckets will be
cleaned between rod changes and after each drill
hole has been completed to minimise down-hole
and cross-hole contamination.

Logging

Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and
whether sample bias may have
occurred due to preferential loss/gain of
fine/coarse material.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Whether core and chip samples have
been geologically and geotechnically
logged to a level of detail to support
appropriate
Mineral
Resource
estimation,
mining
studies
and
metallurgical studies.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.

Mt Eelya Prospect

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Sample recovery will be monitored during the
drilling campaign.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Logging to industry standards will be completed for
lithology, mineralisation, alteration, veining and
weathering.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Qualitative lithology, mineralisation, alteration,
veining and weathering logging will be completed
and chip trays with 1m representative samples will
be collected, photographed and stored for future
reference.

The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary
All RC chip samples will be logged to 1m intervals
by Cyprium geologists into excel spreadsheets or
Ocris logging software.

Subsampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

If core, whether cut or sawn and
whether quarter, half or all core taken.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

If non-core, whether riffled, tube
sampled, rotary split, etc and whether
sampled wet or dry.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Not applicable.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Dry or wet samples will be split by the drill rigs’
static cone splitter. Wet samples if taken will be
noted.

For all sample types, the nature, quality
and appropriateness of the sample
preparation technique.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples and RC
Drilling
Standard sample preparation procedures of drying
and pulverising have been followed to ensure
sampling adequacy and consistency.

Quality control procedures adopted for
all sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples RC Drilling
Certified Reference Materials and blanks are
submitted with the samples to the laboratory and
analysed for their performance. Cyprium
undertakes remedial action including re-assaying
samples if required.

Measures taken to ensure that the
sampling is representative of the in-situ
material collected, including for
instance
results
for
field
duplicate/second-half sampling.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Whether sample sizes are appropriate
to the grain size of the material being
sampled.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Field duplicate sampling of the first RC drilling
programme at the Hollandaire prospect has been
undertaken and results were considered to be
satisfactory by the company. Field duplicate
sampling of the Mt Eelya and Rapier West
prospects will be considered after the completion
of the first drilling programme at the prospect.

Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Sample sizes are industry standard and are
considered by Cyprium to be appropriate to sample
the outcropping Mt Eelya / Rapier West
mineralisation and provide indicative results to
guide subsequent investigations of the prospect.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Sample sizes will be industry standard and are
considered by Cyprium to be appropriate to sample
the potential Mt Eelya / Rapier West mineralisation.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests

The
nature,
quality
and
appropriateness of the assaying and
laboratory procedures used and
whether the technique is considered
partial or total.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
3kg rock chip samples were submitted to Bureau
Veritas Canning Vale WA for gold and base metal
analysis. Samples will be crushed and pulverised
then 40g subsampled and fire assayed with AAS
finish (FA001) for gold, mixed acid digest (MA200)
with ICP-OES finish for Cu, Zn and S and ICP-MS
finish for Ag and Pb. The methods are total analysis
techniques and are considered by Cyprium to be
appropriate for the Mt Eelya / Rapier West
epigenetic structurally hosted mineralisation.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
The 1m RC samples will be analysed by mixed acid
digest with ICP-AES finish for Cu, Pb, Zn and S and
ICP-MS finish for silver which is an industry
standard total analysis technique and is considered
by Cyprium to be appropriate for the Mt Eelya /
Rapier West epigenetic structurally hosted
mineralisation.
Gold will be analysed by lead collection fire assay
with AAS finish which is an industry standard total
analysis technique considered by Cyprium to be
suitable for the Mt Eelya / Rapier West epigenetic
structurally hosted mineralisation.
For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
parameters used in determining the
analysis including instrument make and
model, reading times, calibrations
factors applied and their derivation, etc.

Not applicable

Nature of quality control procedures
adopted (e.g. standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks)
and whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and
precision have been established.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
2 Certified Reference Materials (CRM) were
submitted with the laboratory samples for QA/QC
monitoring.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Certified Reference Materials (CRM) and blanks
will be submitted with the laboratory samples at a
rate of 1 CRM or blank in 20. The CRM/blank
results when returned by the lab will be analysed
by Cyprium metals for their performance and
remedial actions undertaken should they be
required.
Bureau Veritas also conducts their own quality
control standards and blanks, the results of which
will be provided to Cyprium Metals.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Verification
of sampling
and
assaying

The
verification
of
significant
intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Hand specimens taken from the Mt Eelya and
Rapier West sampling campaign have been
retained by the Company as reference samples.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
The Cyprium Chief Geologist and Senior Project
Geologist
will
visually
verify
significant
mineralisation intersections in RC chips at the Mt
Eelya / Rapier West Prospects.

The use of twinned holes.

Mt Eelya Prospect
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Twinned holes of Mt Eelya Drilling will be
considered should the future scale of the prospect
require it.

Documentation of primary data, data
entry procedures, data verification, data
storage (physical and electronic)
protocols.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Field data was noted by the Cyprium Project
Geologist and uploaded to QGIS for visualisation
and interpretation.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Data for the proposed drillholes will be collected
using spreadsheet templates prepared by WPData
consultants on Panasonic Toughbook laptop
computers utilising standardised library lookup
tables. Data is then being sent to WPData
consultants for validation and compilation into an
SQL database hosted by WPData

Location of
data points

Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

No adjustments have been made to the assay data
received for the rock chip sampling programme the
subject of this announcement.

Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and
other locations used in Mineral
Resource estimation.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Sample and mapping points were picked up using
a handheld Garmin GPS with a horizontal accuracy
of +/- 3m.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Drillhole collars will be set out using a handheld
Garmin GPS with an accuracy of +/- 3m. The
completed drillhole collars will be picked up with a
differential GPS when a survey contractor is
available to mobilise to site.
Downhole surveys will be completed with a north
seeking gyroscopic tool which is not subject to
downhole magnetic interference.

For personal use only

Criteria

Data
spacing
and
distribution

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Specification of the grid system used.

GDA94, zone 50.

Quality and adequacy of topographic
control.

The Mt Eelya and Rapier West reduced levels have
been estimated from DGPS surveyed drill collars at
the prospects. Subsequent drilling will be DGPS
surveyed by Arvista Surveys at the completion of
drilling.

Data spacing for
Exploration Results.

of

Rock chip and drillhole spacing is considered by
Cyprium to be appropriate for the epigenetic
structural copper mineralisation being targeted at
the Mt Eelya / Rapier West prospects.

Whether the data spacing, and
distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological and grade
continuity appropriate for the Mineral
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation
procedure(s)
and
classifications
applied.

No Mineral Resource or Ore Reserve estimation
procedures apply to the exploration data being
reported in this announcement.

Whether sample compositing has been
applied.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

reporting

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
To be advised

Orientation
of data in
relation to
geological
structure

Whether the orientation of sampling
achieves unbiased sampling of possible
structures and the extent to which this
is known, considering the deposit type.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Rock chip samples are point specimens that have
returned material results and as such inform future
exploration and drilling activities at the prospects.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
The RC drillholes have been designed to intersect
the potential mineralisation envelope at 90°. Minor
adjustments in the order of 2 to 8m to drillhole collar
locations may be required to avoid vegetation at
the drill sites however Cyprium does not believe
that this would bias the sampling of the Mt Eelya or
Rapier West prospects.

Sample
security

If the relationship between the drilling
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised structures is considered to
have introduced a sampling bias, this
should be assessed and reported if
material.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

The measures taken to ensure sample
security.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
To be advised at the completion of drilling.

Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Samples were delivered directly to Bureau Veritas
Laboratories Canning Vale WA by company staff.
Bureau Veritas did not report any interference with

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

the samples when they were delivered to the
laboratory.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Samples will be delivered to the Cue depot of the
McMahon Burnett Transport Company for delivery
to Bureau Veritas Laboratories Canning Vale WA.
The 3 kg calico lab samples are collected in groups
of 6 to 10 in 600 mm x 900 mm green plastic bags
and transported in 1.5t bulk bags on pallets.
Bureau Veritas did not report any interference with
the samples when they were delivered to the
laboratory.
Audits or
reviews

The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data.

No audits or reviews of the sampling techniques or
data have been conducted.

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results

For personal use only

(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status

Type, reference name/number, location
and ownership including agreements or
material issues with third parties such
as
joint
ventures,
partnerships,
overriding
royalties,
native
title
interests, historical sites, wilderness or
national park and environmental
settings.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

The security of the tenure held at the
time of reporting along with any known
impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.

Exploration tenements E20/606 and E20/629 are
current and in good standing.

Acknowledgment and appraisal
exploration by other parties.

The Hollandaire, Colonel, Mt Eelya, Eelya South
and Rapier prospects in the Cue Project were
identified in the 1970’s by their outcropping
gossans (oxidised sulphide material) in field
mapping campaigns by Western Mining
Corporation.

Exploration
done by other
parties

of

The Mt Eelya Prospect is located on exploration
tenement E20/608 and Rapier West is located on
exploration tenement E20/629 which form part of
the Cue Copper Project, a joint venture with
Musgrave Minerals the subject of the Cyprium
Metals ASX announcement dated 25 March 2019.

Some exploration and development work was
undertaken on the Cue project prospects from the
1980’s to 2007 by Westgold Resources NL and
Tectonic Resources NL however this was generally
focussed on potential gold resources.
Silver Lake Resources acquired the Cue Project
from Tectonic Resources in 2007 and commenced
regional exploration which also focussed on gold
but did include multi-element geochemical
analytical work. This further defined the previously
identified
copper/gold/silver
anomalism
at
Hollandaire.
Silver Lake commenced aircore drilling at
Hollandaire in 2011 and discovered the sulphide
copper/gold mineralisation in the same year.
Hollandaire was resource definition drilled in 2011
and 2012 with the first 2004 JORC mineral
resource estimate completed by Silver Lake
towards the end of 2012.
Musgrave Minerals acquired the Cue project in
November 2015 from Silver Lake Resources and
commenced exploration planning that year with
drilling and geophysical work on the Cue project
beginning in 2016.
Musgrave Minerals last completed field work in the
Cue Project before signing the Joint Venture with
Cyprium Metals was a surface geophysical moving
loop transient electro-magnetic survey over 14
previously identified anomalies. Robust conductor
models were generated for testing, which now

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

forms part of Cyprium Metals proposed exploration
programme in 2020.
Geology

Drill hole
Information

Deposit type, geological setting and
style of mineralisation.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

A summary of all information material to
the understanding of the exploration
results including a tabulation of the
following information for all Material drill
holes:

Refer to table 2 and table 4 designs – actual drilled
locations will be the subject of a later release.

Felsic schist and granitoid epigenetic structurally
hosted copper mineralisation, requiring further
investigation.

easting and northing of the drill hole
collar
elevation or RL (Reduced Level –
elevation above sea level in metres) of
the drill hole collar
dip and azimuth of the hole
down hole length and interception
depth
hole length.

Data
aggregation
methods

If the exclusion of this information is
justified on the basis that the
information is not Material and this
exclusion does not detract from the
understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should clearly
explain why this is the case.

To be determined when drill programme is
complete.

In reporting Exploration Results,
weighting
averaging
techniques,
maximum and/or minimum grade
truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades)
and cut-off grades are usually Material
and should be stated.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Where
aggregate
intercepts
incorporate short lengths of high grade
results and longer lengths of low grade
results, the procedure used for such
aggregation should be stated and some
typical examples of such aggregations
should be shown in detail.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

No averaging or cutting of grades applied.

Cyprium Metals rock chip samples
Point samples as previously described.
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Not applicable – all sample lengths are designed to
be 1.0m or composited to 6.0m.

For personal use only

Criteria

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

The assumptions used for any reporting
of metal equivalent values should be
clearly stated.

Not applicable

These relationships are particularly
important in the reporting of Exploration
Results.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
Potential RC drilling intercepts at Mt Eelya and
Rapier West are expected to be true width when
reported.

If the geometry of the mineralisation
with respect to the drill hole angle is
known, its nature should be reported.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects
Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
The RC drilling has been designed to intercept the
projected mineralisation at the Mt Eelya and Rapier
West prospects at 90°.

If it is not known and only the down hole
lengths are reported, there should be a
clear statement to this effect (e.g. ‘down
hole length, true width not known’).

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Diagrams

Appropriate maps and sections (with
scales) and tabulations of intercepts
should be included for any significant
discovery being reported These should
include, but not be limited to a plan view
of drill hole collar locations and
appropriate sectional views.

Refer to the plans in the text of this announcement.

Balanced
reporting

Where comprehensive reporting of all
Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low and
high grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading reporting
of Exploration Results.

All copper values considered to be significant are
presented in tables 1 and 3.

Other
substantive
exploration
data

Other exploration data, if meaningful
and material, should be reported
including (but not limited to): geological
observations;
geophysical
survey
results; geochemical survey results;
bulk samples – size and method of
treatment; metallurgical test results;
bulk
density,
groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.

All relevant exploration data is presented in the
text, tables and figures of the announcement.

Cyprium Metals RC Drilling
The RC drilling is designed to intersect the
projected mineralisation at Mt Eelya and Rapier
West prospects at 90°.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Further work

The nature and scale of planned further
work (e.g. tests for lateral extensions or
depth extensions or large-scale stepout drilling).

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas
of possible extensions, including the
main geological interpretations and
future drilling areas, provided this
information
is
not commercially
sensitive.

Mt Eelya / Rapier West Prospects

Planning for further extensional drilling and
geophysical programmes will be completed if
material assay results are returned from the first
phase of drilling.

To be compiled if planning for further work is
completed.

