For personal use only

8 July 2020
ASX Price Query

Melissa Lim
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)
20 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000
Dear Melissa
Intra Energy Cororation Limited (“IEC” or “Company”)
ASX Price Query
We refer to ASX's "Price Query" letter dated 8 July 2020 and respond to the questions in that letter as follows:
1.

Is IEC aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known by
some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?

No.
2.

If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.

(a)

Is IEC relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please note that
the recent trading in IEC’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may have ceased to be
confidential and therefore IEC may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule 3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer
to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”, you need to
contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an announcement
will be made?

N/A
3.

If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that IEC may have for the recent trading in
its securities?

The Directors are unaware of any other explanation for the recent trading in its securities apart from IEC’s statement in its
May Update (refer ASX Announcement on 16 June 2020) that the fundamentals of the Company are changing as it
gravitates more into the gold development sector and has an interest in an emerging resource in Mozambique. The
Company continues to consider capital raisings in due course.
4.

Please confirm that IEC is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.

Yes, the Directors consider the Company is in compliance with the Listing Rules, in particular Listing Rule 3.1.
5.

Please confirm that IEC’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of IEC with delegated authority
from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.

IEC confirms that the above responses have been authorised and approved by the Directors of the Company.
Yours sincerely
Rozanna Lee
Company Secretary, Intra Energy Corporation Limited

For personal use only

8 July 2020
Reference: 20254
Ms Rozanna Lee
Company Secretary
Intra Energy Corporation Limited
Level 40 2 Park Street
Sydney NSW 2000
By email
Dear Ms Lee
Intra Energy Corporation Limited (‘IEC’): Price - Query
ASX refers to the following:
A. The change in the price of IEC’s securities from a low of $0.40 to a high of $3.00 today.
B. The significant increase in the volume of IEC’s securities traded from 7 July 2020 to 8 July 2020.
Request for information
In light of this, ASX asks IEC to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is IEC aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known by
some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is IEC relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please
note that the recent trading in IEC’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may
have ceased to be confidential and therefore IEC may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule
3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to
discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that IEC may have for the recent trading in
its securities?
4. Please confirm that IEC is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that IEC’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of IEC with delegated authority
from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 3:00pm PM Wednesday, 8 July 2020. You should note that if the information
ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, IEC’s obligation is to disclose the information
‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require IEC to request a trading halt immediately.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsComplianceSydney@asx.com.au. It should not be sent
directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm that
it is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes”
and an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to
request a trading halt in IEC’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:


the reasons for the trading halt;



how long you want the trading halt to last;



the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;



that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and



any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the
commencement of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further
information about trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in IEC’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to IEC’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that IEC’s obligation
to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the
questions set out in this letter.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to the above, please do not hesitate to contact me.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

Kind regards

Melissa Lim
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

