For personal use only

ASX / Media Release
8 July 2020
ASX code: K2F

K2fly and Decipher agree MOU to create solution for
Tailings Storage Facilities globally
K2fly (ASX: K2F) has partnered with Perth-based Decipher, which offers an award-winning cloud
monitoring platform, to create an integrated monitoring and governance platform for Tailing Storage
Facilities.
Tailings are the mineral waste remaining after the processing of ore to extract mineral concentrates
and are typically stored within an engineered containment structure known as a tailing storage facility
(TSF). There are an estimated 3,500 active TSFs globally, covering approximately one million hectares
of land.
Tailing Storage Facility failures, in which there is an uncontrolled release of water, waste material or
by-product, constitute a significant risk for industry, regulators and the environment. Industry best
practice and legislation is requiring that an Independent Technical Review Board (ITRB) be assigned
for each TSF to ensure proper governance and compliance.
K2fly’s Chief Commercial Officer Nic Pollock said the two businesses have combined their
complementary technology strengths to create a solution that will assist mining and resources
companies to manage these risks.
“Our proposed solution will ensure industry has access to a significantly better tool to aid monitoring
and governance of TSFs to recognised standards.
“The solution reflects best practice and will support compliance with the Global Industry Standard on
Tailings Management recently endorsed by the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM)
and other Global Tailings Review convenors, as well as standards set by national regulatory bodies,”
said Mr Pollock.
Decipher Chief Executive Officer Anthony Walker said tailings management was recognised as one of
the top 10 risks in 2020 to the global mining industry in a recent report by KPMG.
“The resources industry needs a solution that is cost effective, comprehensive and accessible – and
we can deliver on that,” he said.
Decipher and K2fly have commenced discussions with several global miners about the proposed
tailings management solution, which can also be deployed remotely during COVID-19.
K2fly Limited

ACN 125 345 502

E info@k2fly.com
Registered Office Level 1, 26 Railway Road, Subiaco WA 6008
www.k2fly.com

Announcement released with authority of K2fly Board.

For personal use only

ENDS

For further information, please contact:
Brian Miller
Investor Inquiries
CEO
Paul Hart
K2fly Limited
Canary Capital
T: +61 422 227 489
T: +61 421 051 474
E: brian@k2fly.com
E: phart@canarycapital.com.au

About K2fly
K2fly Ltd is an ASX listed technology company which targets asset intensive industries. It supplies
people, products and strategic alliances focussed on solving problems for clients.
K2fly owns the following Software Solutions:
▪ Mineral Resource Governance - RCubed a resource and reserve reporting solution that

supports reporting codes such as JORC, NI43101 and SAMREC across the major stock
exchanges – including NYSE, LSE, TSX, ASX and JSE; and
▪ Natural Resource Governance - Infoscope, an Enterprise Land Management, Natural

Resource Governance and Stakeholder Relations solution for the Energy and Resources
market.
K2fly has strategic alliances with global technology companies such as Esri (USA), SAP (Germany) and
ABB (Switzerland).
K2fly also re-sells market leading software which has been developed by industry leaders in the USA,
Europe and the UK. These solutions come from, Kony (USA), ABB (Switzerland), and Capita plc (UK),
where they have an outstanding track record of delivering benefits to clients.
In addition, K2fly provides cutting edge advice, consultancy and services when it deploys its subject
matter experts who have extensive domain knowledge in such areas as Rail, Electricity, Gas, Water,
Mining, Oil & Gas, and Facilities Management.

K2fly Limited

ACN 125 345 502

E info@k2fly.com
Registered Office Level 1, 26 Railway Road, Subiaco WA 6008
www.k2fly.com

