8 July 2020
ASX Announcement
ASX: LCL

Quinchia gold drilling program to kick off
New gold target identified 200m north of existing Tesorito drilling

For personal use only


HIGHLIGHTS


~2500m diamond drilling program to start in July - initially via conventional drilling service
provider, transitioning to own rig that has recently been ordered



Company’s own diamond drill rig and ancillary equipment expected to arrive in Colombia in
October to expand the drilling program



Drilling to target:
o

Wide zones of near-surface porphyry mineralisation to confirm prior best
intersection of 384m @1.01g/t Au from 16m1

o

Higher grade porphyry-style gold intersections at Tesorito such as: 64m @
1.67g/t Au in TS-DH-071; and 29.3m @ 1.9g/t Au TS-DH-021; and

o

a new gold-molybdenum soil anomaly 200m north of previous Tesorito drilling

Los Cerros Limited (ASX: LCL) (Los Cerros or the Company) is pleased to advise that it has
commissioned its next drilling campaign on schedule with an anticipated start date of last week of
July. The ~2,500m diamond drilling program will commence at the Tesorito porphyry before moving
to targets at Chuscal and Miraflores, all located within the Company’s Quinchia Gold Project in
Colombia.
All seven (7) previous holes drilled to date have successfully intersected porphyry-style gold
mineralisation, including impressive intercepts, such as:
-

384m @ 1.01g/t from 16m incl 29.3m @ 1.9g/t Au from 136.75m in TS-DH-021; and
253.1m @ 1.01g/t Au from 2.9m incl 64m @ 1.67g/t Au from 144m in TS-DH-071

All drill holes tested the southern highest grade 250m x 250m region of an 800m long x 350m wide
NNE trending gold-molybdenum soil anomaly. Recent infill soil sampling reveals the anomaly
comprises two separate higher grade regions, with the northern region untested by drilling (Figure
1). Both higher grade centres are broadly similar in size, with each corresponding to a magnetic high,
overprinting E-W trending epithermal veining and porphyry style alteration. The northern centre is
poorly exposed but higher in gold and molybdenum values than the southern centre.

The drill program will commence with testing the continuity of wide higher grade intersections (eg.
64m @ 1.67g/t Au and 29m @ 1.9g/t Au in holes TS-DH-02 and TS-DH-07 referenced above), and it is
planned to then test the newly defined northern gold-molybdenum soil geochemistry anomaly
(Figure 1).

1

See release 30 August 2018. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information that affects the
information contained in the announcement

8 July 2020
ASX Announcement

For personal use only

ASX: LCL

Figure 1: Tesorito is an at surface gold mineralised porphyry system. The Company’s first hole of the
pending drill program will further explore the southern anomalous zone that has already delivered
impressive results. The Company is also developing its drilling strategy for the northern anomalous
zone defined here by gold and strong molybdenum assays in soil over a magnetic high.
Company owned drill rig status
Los Cerros advises that the Company’s new C5C diamond drill rig (Figure 2) and ancillary equipment
is expected to arrive in Colombia around early October. The assets have been purchased under the
$2M Los Cerros / Hongkong Ausino (Ausino) Strategic Partnership Agreement (SPA) 2.

2

See announcement 22 April 2020 for further details of the SPA

8 July 2020
ASX Announcement
ASX: LCL

Los Cerros’ Managing Director Jason Stirbinskis commented:

For personal use only

“With full support from Ausino, the Company has decided to commence drilling sooner via a
Colombian drilling services provider while we wait for our own equipment to arrive. The intention is
to drill at least two ~350m length diamond holes at Tesorito first and then, once we have our own rig
with the efficiencies that it should bring, we will tackle more targets across the Quinchia Gold Project.
The encouraging work of our Colombian geologists and international consulting experts has
generated a good number of exciting targets to be drill tested. The first two holes will provide
additional geological data to fine tune several deeper porphyry targets”.

Figure 2: The Company’s Atlas Copco (Epiroc) drill rig is ready for shipping

Quinchia Gold Project
Chuscal and Tesorito prospects are part of the larger Quinchia Gold Project which also comprises
Miraflores, Dosquebradas and other established targets and untested areas of interest within the
~7,500ha parcel (Figure 3).
The Miraflores Gold Deposit has an existing Resource of 877,000 Au ounces at 2.80g/t Au and
Reserve of 457,000 Au ounces at 3.29g/t Au3. The Dosquebradas Deposit has an Inferred Resource
of 459,000 Au ounces grading 0.71g/t Au 4.

With further exploration success elsewhere within the Quinchia Gold Project, leveraging existing mine
planning, plant design and approval status of Miraflores (Mining Authority approval of PTO
(construction and operation plan)), the ability to fast track towards gold production becomes a
compelling opportunity.

3

Refer ASX announcement dated 27 November 2017. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or
data that materially affects the information included in the market announcement, and that all material assumptions and
technical parameters underpinning the estimate continue to apply
4
Inferred Mineral Resources using 0.5g/t Au cut-off grade. See announcement 25 February 2020. The Company confirms
that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the market
announcement

8 July 2020
ASX Announcement

For personal use only

ASX: LCL

Figure 3: The Quinchia Gold
Project contains multiple targets at
various levels of investigation within
a ~3km radius. This image reveals
the major known target areas and
tellurium anomalism, a pathfinder
element associated with substantial
intrusive bodies such as porphyries.

For the purpose of ASX Listing Rule 15.5, the Board has authorised for this announcement to be
released.

For further enquiries contact:
Jason Stirbinskis
Managing Director
Los Cerros Limited
12/11 Ventnor Avenue
WEST PERTH WA 6005
jstirbinskis@loscerros.com.au

8 July 2020
ASX Announcement
ASX: LCL

For personal use only

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This document contains forward looking statements concerning Los Cerros. Forward-looking statements
are not statements of historical fact and actual events and results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements as a
result of a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to business, economic, competitive,
political and social uncertainties and contingencies. Many factors could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied in any forward-looking information provided by the Company, or on behalf of the Company. Such factors include, among other things,
risks relating to additional funding requirements, metal prices, exploration, development and operating risks, competition, production risks, regulatory
restrictions, including environmental regulation and liability and potential title disputes. Forward looking statements in this document are based on
Los Cerros’ beliefs, opinions and estimates of Los Cerros as of the dates the forward-looking statements are made, and no obligation is assumed
to update forward looking statements if these beliefs, opinions and estimates should change or to reflect other future developments. Although
management believes that the assumptions made by the Company and the expectations represented by such information are reasonable, there
can be no assurance that the forward-looking information will prove to be accurate. Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from
any anticipated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such factors include, among
others, the actual market price of gold, the actual results of future exploration, changes in project parameters as plans continue to be evaluated, as
well as those factors disclosed in the Company's publicly filed documents. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except in accordance with applicable securities laws. No
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is given or made by the Company that the occurrence of the events expressed or
implied in any forward-looking statements in this presentation will actually occur.

JORC STATEMENTS - COMPETENT PERSONS STATEMENTS
The technical information related to Los Cerros assets contained in this report that relates to Exploration Results (excluding those pertaining to
Mineral Resources and Reserves) is based on information compiled by Mr Cesar Garcia, who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining
and Metallurgy and who is a Geologist employed by Los Cerros on a full-time basis. Mr Garcia has sufficient experience which is relevant to the
style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration, and to the activity which he is undertaking, to qualify as a Competent Person as
defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Garcia
consents to the inclusion in the release of the matters based on the information he has compiled in the form and context in which it appears.
The information presented here that relates to Mineral Resources of the Dosquebradas Project, Quinchia District, Republic of Colombia is based
on and fairly represents information and supporting documentation compiled by Mr. Scott E. Wilson of Resource Development Associates Inc, of
Highlands Ranch Colorado, USA. Mr Wilson takes overall responsibility for the Resource Estimate. Mr. Wilson is Member of the American Institute
of Professionals Geologists, a “Recognised Professional Organisation” as defined by the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM).
Mr Wilson is not an employee or related party of the Company. Mr. Wilson has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation
and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity he is undertaking to qualify as Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of
the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code 2012)’. Mr. Wilson consents to the
inclusion in the news release of the information in the form and context in which it appears
The Company is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in this release.

MIRAFLORES PROJECT RESOURCES AND RESERVES
The Miraflores Project Mineral Resource estimate has been estimated by Metal Mining Consultants in accordance with the JORC Code (2012
Edition) and first publicly reported on 14 March 2017. No material changes have occurred after the reporting of these resource estimates since their
first reporting.
Miraflores Mineral Resource Estimate, as at 14 March 2017 (100% basis)
Tonnes (000t)

Au (g/t)

Ag (g/t)

Contained Metal
(koz Au)

Contained Metal
(koz Ag)

Measured

2,958

2.98

2.49

283

237

Indicated

6,311

2.74

2.90

557

588

Measured & Indicated

9,269

2.82

2.77

840

826

487

2.36

3.64

37

57

Resource Classification

Inferred

Notes:
i)
Reported at a 1.2 g/t gold cut-off.
ii)
Mineral Resource estimated by Metal Mining Consultants Inc.
iii)
First publicly released on 14 March 2017. No material change has occurred after that date that may affect the JORC Code (2012 Edition)
Mineral Resource estimation.
iv)
These Mineral Resources are inclusive of the Mineral Reserves listed below.
v)
Rounding may result in minor discrepancies.

8 July 2020
ASX Announcement
ASX: LCL
Miraflores Mineral Reserve Estimate, as at 27 November 2017 (100% basis)

For personal use only

The Miraflores Project Ore Reserve estimate has been estimated by Ausenco in accordance with the JORC Code (2012 Edition) and first publicly
reported on 18 October 2017 and updated on 27 November 2017. No material changes have occurred after the reporting of these reserve estimates
since their reporting in November 2017.

Reserve Classification

Tonnes (Mt)

Au (g/t)

Ag (g/t)

Contained Metal
(koz Au)

Contained Metal
(koz Ag)

Proved

1.70

2.75

2.20

150

120

Probable

2.62

3.64

3.13

307

264

Total

4.32

3.29

2.77

457

385

Notes:
i)
Rounding of numbers may result in minor computational errors, which are not deemed to be significant.
ii)
These Ore Reserves are included in the Mineral Resources listed in the Table above.
iii)
First publicly released on 27 November 2017. No material change has occurred after that date that may affect the JORC Code (2012
Edition) Ore Reserve estimation.
Source: Ausenco, 2017
Dosquebradas Inferred Mineral Resource Estimate, as at 25 February 2020 (100% basis)

Notes:
i)
ii)
iii)
iv)

Cut-Off (g/t Au)

Tonnes (‘000t)

Au (g/t)

0.3

57,794

0.50

0.4

34,593

0.5

20,206

Au (koz)

Ag (g/t)

Ag (koz)

Cu (%)

Cu (pounds)

920.8

0.6

1,036

0.04

56,767

0.60

664.1

0.6

683.8

0.05

38,428

0.71

459.1

0.7

431.7

0.06

24,867

No more than 6m internal waste is included in the weighted intervals
Inferred Mineral Resources shown using various cut offs.
Based on gold selling price of US$1,470/oz.
Mineral Resource estimated by Resource Development Associates Inc.
v)
First publicly released on 25 February 2020. No material change has occurred after that date that may affect the JORC Code (2012 Edition)
Mineral Resource estimation.

For personal use only

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1 report template
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut channels, random
chips, or specific specialised industry standard
measurement tools appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or
handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample
representivity and the appropriate calibration of any
measurement tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are
Material to the Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this
would be relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling
was used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg was
pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In other
cases more explanation may be required, such as where
there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling problems.
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (eg submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.
• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer,
rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg
core diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of diamond
tails, face-sampling bit or other type, whether core is
oriented and if so, by what method, etc).
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample
recoveries and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure
representative nature of the samples.

•

Drilling
techniques

Drill sample
recovery

Soil samples were obtained from the C-Horizon, bagged and tagged with
unique sample identity numbers, transported and submitted to ALS Colombia
Ltda located in Medellin for sample preparation. Sample preparation included
drying at <60°C, sieve sample to -180 micron (80 mesh) from which a
representative 30g sample was obtained using a riffle splitter. Gold assays
were obtained using a lead collection fire assay technique (FAA313) and
assays an additional 54 elements were obtained using multi-acid (four acid)
digest for (ICM40B) at ALS’s laboratory in Lima, Peru.
• The saprock (saprolite) and rock chip sampling program was conducted by the
exploration team of Los Cerros, who comply with industry standard practices.
Los Cerros has a geologist responsible for verification of QA/QC on all
samples generated by the company and samples are not released for inclusion
in the company’s database until they pass the QA/QC controls. The samples
were prepared by ALS in Medellin and analysed for Gold (FA) and 49 elements
(ICP MS-ES) in ALS´s laboratory in Lima, Peru.

• n/a

• n/a

For personal use only

Criteria

Logging

Sub-sampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

Quality of
assay data
and
laboratory
tests

JORC Code explanation
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and
grade and whether sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support
appropriate Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies
and metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core
(or costean, channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections
logged.
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all
core taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc
and whether sampled wet or dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling
stages to maximise representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is
representative of the in situ material collected, including for
instance results for field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of
the material being sampled.

Commentary

•

n/a

•

Soil samples are taken on a regular grid (NE sample lines on a 100m * 50m
spacing) over the zone of interest with each sample being collected from the C
Horizon in the soil profile. The C-Horizon is classified as the weathered
lithology at the point of collection. In Tesorito region this generally occurs at a
depth of between 0 & 2m. As the sample is weathered, by definition there has
been remobilization of some elements but the geochemistry is considered
indicative of the lithology.
Rock samples, where possible, are taken from outcrops or saprock however
during reconnaissance mapping samples from float material may also be taken
if it is considered by the geologist that the material is locally derived with
minimum transport. Samples are chip samples with the sample weight varying
from 2 – 3kg.
Outcrops of fresh rock in the sub-tropical environment that characterizes
Tesorito, are not common. The area is predominantly covered by saprolite, soil
cover or recent volcanic ash falls. Therefore, rock samples are not collected on
a regular grid but where they occur and generally exhibit some degree of
weathering and/or alteration. The geochemistry is indicative of what may be
found at depth.

•

•

• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and •
laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is
considered partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF
•
instruments, etc, the parameters used in determining the
analysis including instrument make and model, reading
times, calibrations factors applied and their derivation, etc.
•

All samples are prepared at the ALS Medellin facility using industry accepted
preparation procedures. Pulps for assay and analysis are sent to their facility in
Lima Peru.
Gold assays are obtained using a lead collection fire assay technique (AuAA26) and analyses for an additional 48 elements using multi-acid (four acid)
digest with ICP finish (ME-MS61) at ALS’s laboratory in Lima, Peru.
Fire assay for gold is considered a “total” assay technique.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg standards,
blanks, duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether
acceptable levels of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision
have been established.

Commentary
•
•
•
•
•

An acid (4 acid) digest is considered a total digestion technique. However, for
some resistant minerals, not considered of economic value at this time, the
digestion may be partial e.g. Zr, Ti etc.
No field non-assay analysis instruments were used in the analyses reported.
Los Cerros uses certified reference material, blank samples and field
duplicates inserted into the sample sequence to verify both preparation and
analytical quality.
Results from Los Cerros’ QA/QC samples are reviewed by Los Cerros for
indications of any significant analytical bias or preparation errors in analyses
reported by the Laboratory.
The Laboratory also carries out internal laboratory QA/QC checks which are
also reported and reviewed as part of the Los Cerros. QA/QC analysis. The
geochemical data is only accepted where the analyses are performed within
acceptable industry standard limits.

Verification of
sampling and
assaying

• The verification of significant intersections by either
•
independent or alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
•
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data
verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols. •
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
•

All digital data received is verified and validated by the Company’s Competent
Person before loading into the assay database.
Over limit gold or base metal samples are re-analysed using appropriate,
alternative analytical techniques. (Au-Grav22 50g and OG46).
Reported results are compiled by the Company’s geologists and verified by the
Company’s database administrator and exploration manager.
No adjustments to assay data were made.

Location of
data points

• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes
(collar and down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings
and other locations used in Mineral Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to
establish the degree of geological and grade continuity
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.

Soil and rock-chip sample locations were positioned using a hand-held GPS.
Accuracy of a hand-held GPS (+/- 5m) is considered appropriate for this level
of early exploration.
The grid system is WGS84 UTM Z18N.

Data spacing
and
distribution

•
•
•
•

•
•

A soil geochemical survey (207 samples) was undertaken by Los Cerros over
a regular grid with fifty meter spaced samples along 100m-spaced lines
extending over an area of 1.7km x 1.5km to fill in the 200 m spacing of the
former soil geochemical survey.
A soil geochemical survey (194 samples) was undertaken by the previous
option owner (Minera Seafield SAS) over a regular grid with fifty meter spaced
samples along 200m-spaced lines extending over an area of 1.7km x 1.5km.
The interpretation of surface mapping and sampling relies on correlating
isolated points of information that are influenced by factors such as weathering,

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

•

accessibility and sample representativity. This impacts on the reliability of
interpretations which are strongly influenced by the experience of the geologic
team. Structures, lithologic and alteration boundaries based on surficial
information are interpretations based on the available data and will be refined as
more data becomes available during the exploration program.
It is only with drilling, that provides information in the third dimension, that the
geologic model can be refined.

Orientation of
data in
relation to
geological
structure

• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased
sampling of possible structures and the extent to which this
is known, considering the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the
orientation of key mineralised structures is considered to
have introduced a sampling bias, this should be assessed
and reported if material.

• The nature and extent of the soil geochemical sampling achieves an unbiased
representation of the distribution of the elements assayed.
• Rock chip sampling can be biased positively or negatively by effects such as
alteration. Silicification associated with fault systems or hydrothermal systems
results in rocks that are more resistant whereas whole phyllic or potassic
alteration can have the opposite effect. It is an indication of what may be
encountered at depth but surface sampling in this environment does not map
the subsurface.
• The current sampling pattern is considered appropriate for the program to
reasonably assess the prospectivity of known features interpreted from other
data sources.

Sample
security

• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

• All samples are secured in a closed facility at Quinchia secured by armed
guard on a 24/7 basis. Each batch of samples are transferred in a locked
vehicle and driven 165km to ALS laboratories for sample preparation in
Medellin.

Audits or
reviews

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques
and data.

• n/a at this stage as no audits have been undertaken.

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement and

• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership
including agreements or material issues with third parties
such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties,
native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or national

• The Exploration Titles were validly issued as Concession Agreements pursuant
to the Mining Code.
• The Concession Agreement grants its holders the exclusive right to explore for
and exploit all mineral substances on the parcel of land covered by such

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

land tenure
status

park and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along
with any known impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other
parties.

concession agreement.
• There are no outstanding encumbrances or charges registered against the
Exploration Title at the National Registry.

Exploration
done by other
parties

• Artisanal gold production was most significant from the Miraflores mines during
the 1950s. Interest was renewed in the area in the late 1970s. In the 1980s the
artisanal mining cooperative "Asociación de Mineros de Miraflores" (AMM) was
formed.
• In 2000, the Colombian government's geological division, INGEOMINAS, with
the permission of the AMM, undertook a series of technical studies at
Miraflores, which included geological mapping, geochemical and geophysical
studies, and non-JORC compliant resource estimations.
• In 2005, Sociedad Kedahda S.A. (Kedahda), now called AngloGold Ashanti de
Colombia S.A., a subsidiary of AngloGold Ashanti Ltd., entered into an
exploration agreement with the AMM, and carried out exploration including
diamond drilling in 2005 to 2007 at Miraflores, completing 1,414.75m.
• In 2007 Kedahda optioned the project to B2Gold Corp. (B2Gold), which carried
out exploration including additional diamond drilling from 2007 to 2009.
B2Gold made a NI 43-101 technical study of the Miraflores Project in 2007.
• On March 24, 2009, B2Gold advised the AMM that it had decided not to make
further option payments and the property reverted to AMM under the terms of
the option agreement.
• Seafield signed a sale-purchase contract with AMM to acquire a 100% interest
in the Mining Contract on April 16, 2010.
• Seafield completed the payments to acquire 100% of rights and obligations on
the Miraflores property in November 30, 2012. AMM stopped the artisanal
exploitation activities in the La Cruzada tunnel on the same date, November
30, 2012 and transferred control of the mine to Seafield.
• Since June 2010, Seafield has drilled 63 drillholes for a total of 22,259m on the
Miraflores Project adjacent to Tesorito.
• The initial exploration undertaken by Seafield at Tesorito in 2012 and 2013
included systematic geological mapping, rock and soil sampling, followed by
trenching within the area of anomalous Au and Cu in soils.
• Seafield commissioned an Induced Polarisation (IP) survey over the Tesorito
Prospect in August 2012 and undertook a three-hole diamond drilling program
for a total of 1,150.5m in 2013.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation.

Commentary
•

•

Drill hole
Information

Data
aggregation
methods

• A summary of all information material to the understanding
of the exploration results including a tabulation of the
following information for all Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea
level in metres) of the drill hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis
that the information is not Material and this exclusion does
not detract from the understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should clearly explain why this is the
case.
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade truncations (eg
cutting of high grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high
grade results and longer lengths of low grade results, the

The Tesorito area is underlain mainly by fine to coarse grained, intrusive
porphyritic rocks of granodioritic to dioritic composition, which intrude an
andesite porphyry body of the Miocene Combia formation, tertiary
sandstones and mudstones of the Amaga Formation, as well as basaltic
rocks of the Barroso Formation of Cretaceous age. The intrusives suite
show variable intensities of hydrothermal alteration, including potassic
alteration overprinted by quartz-sericite and sericite-chlorite alteration.
NNE to EW faulting controls the intrusive emplacement and
mineralization, including faulting of contacts between the rock units. The
depth of sulphide oxidation observed in the drill holes is approximately
20m.
Gold, copper and molybdenite observed in the intrusive rocks is typical of
Au-Cu-Mo rich porphyry deposit; mineralisation occurs as sulphides and
magnetite in disseminations as well as in veinlets and stockworks of
quartz. Pyrite, chalcopyrite and molybdenite have been recognised.

•

The results have been reported for all drilling undertaken on the Tesorito
Prospect to date (the first three holes TS_DH_01 – 03) which were drilled
by the previous owners of the project, and the last 4 holes drilled by
Metminco (now called Los Cerros) in 2018 (TS_DH04 – 07).

•

No metal equivalent values have been stated.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

•
Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths

•

Diagrams

•

Balanced
reporting

•

•
•

procedure used for such aggregation should be stated and
some typical examples of such aggregations should be
shown in detail.
The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent
values should be clearly stated.
These relationships are particularly important in the reporting
of Exploration Results.
If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill
hole angle is known, its nature should be reported.
If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a clear statement to this effect (eg
‘down hole length, true width not known’).
Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and tabulations
of intercepts should be included for any significant discovery
being reported These should include, but not be limited to a
plan view of drill hole collar locations and appropriate
sectional views.
Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is
not practicable, representative reporting of both low and high
grades and/or widths should be practiced to avoid
misleading reporting of Exploration Results.

Commentary

• The results reported in this announcement are considered to be of an early
stage in the exploration of the project.
• Mineralisation geometry is not accurately known as the exact number,
orientation and extent of mineralised structures are not yet determined.

• Geological map showing exploration results including drilling over the Tesorito
Prospect is shown in Figures 1 & 3
•
• Summary statistics of selected elements for soil-sampling results

Number of
values
Minimum
Maximum
Mean
Median
Mode

GOLD
(ppb)

SILVER
(ppm)

COPPER
(ppm)

MOLYBDENUM
(ppm)

207

207

207

207

10
1360
80.53
10
10

0.019
13.9
0.2867
0.139
0.093

1.88
1590
93.04
58.8
121.5

0.02
57.6
1.57
0.61
0.24

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Other
substantive
exploration
data

• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should be
reported including (but not limited to): geological
observations; geophysical survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples – size and method of treatment;
metallurgical test results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics; potential deleterious
or contaminating substances.
• The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for
lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale stepout drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible
extensions, including the main geological interpretations and
future drilling areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.

• A ground magnetic survey that covered the Chuscal and Tesorito Prospects
was performed in 2019 and presented two magnetic high anomalies that are
spatially related to the soil gold and molybdenum anomalies and are presented
in Figure 1. The magnetic high anomalies appear associated with the presence
of potassic alteration and quartz-magnetite veining and stockworks.

Further work

• Additional drilling is required to systematically test the nature and extent of
both the higher-grade mineralization that appears to be associated with EW
trending sheeted veins, as well as the broader intercepts of NNE-trending
moderate-grades related to the porphyry-style mineralization.
• The objective of the proposed program is to test continuity of wide high grade
intersections in holes TSDH-02 and TSDH-07 to potentially guide resource
targeted drilling in a second phase drilling program, and to test the north goldmolybdenum soil geochemistry anomally.

