ASX Announcement

For personal use only

Wednesday 8th July 2020

DIAMOND DRILLING UNDERWAY EAST OF
AARNIVALKEA, FINLAND
Key points
•

First ever diamond drilling has started at S2’s new Aarni’ East gold target, on the
large Paana tenement, Finland

•

First drill test of this new trend, characterised by strong deformation,
hydrothermal alteration and gold grades up to 10.7g/t accompanied by
pathfinder elements arsenic and bismuth

•

New detailed aeromagnetic survey defines structures correlating with BOT
anomalism that may control the gold mineralisation

S2 Resources Ltd (“S2” or the “Company”) advises that drilling has started at the Company’s 100% owned
Aarnivalkea East gold prospect, located on the large Paana tenement some 20 kilometres northwest of
Agnico Eagle’s 9 million ounce Kittila gold mine in northern Finland. Drilling was originally scheduled to
start in March but had to be postponed due to logistical and safety constraints created by the Covid-19
pandemic.
This will be the first ever diamond drill test of a new gold mineralised structural trend identified by the
Company’s base of till (BOT) drilling earlier this year (see S2’s ASX announcement of 24th February 2020
and presentation of 19th May 2020).
The prospect is part of the Company’s extensive tenement package in the highly prospective Central
Lapland Greenstone Belt (see Figure 1). The Aarni’ East trend is located 2 kilometres to the east of and
parallel to the Company’s Aarnivalkea gold prospect, and is defined by a zone of strong deformation and
intense hydrothermal alteration (see figure 2). Many of these samples are also characterised by gold grades
greater than 0.5g/t and up to 10.7g/t (see Figure 3) and gold pathfinder elements such as arsenic and
antimony (see Figure 4).
The mineralised BOT samples coincide with the position of a north-south striking sheared contact identified
in a recently flown detailed aeromagnetic survey. This structure remains open along strike beyond the
range of BOT drilling completed to date, and may play an important role in localising the gold mineralisation
(see Figures 3 to 5).
4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

The initial drilling program comprises approximately ten diamond core holes, to be drilled on three to four
traverses across the trend. The program is being managed on the ground by the Company’s European
Union-based personnel, with virtual oversight by its Australian personnel until such time as they are able
to resume international travel.
The initial drill program is expected to take about three weeks to complete. Unlike the strike extensions of
the Aarnivalkea gold prospect, which extend under swampy ground and could not be drilled as originally
scheduled last winter due to unseasonably warm weather, the Aarni’ East prospect can be accessed yearround, providing greater flexibility for follow up drilling.

Figure 1: Overview of the geology of the Central Lapland Greenstone Belt showing S2’s tenure and the location of
Aarnivalkea within the Paana exploration licence.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Figure 2: End of hole rock chip samples from the BOT drilling at Aarni’ East, showing (left) silica and arsenopyrite
alteration, (centre) carbonate and oxidised sulphide alteration, and (right) strong shearing and hydrothermal
dolomitisation and silicification.

Figure 3: Gold in BOT samples at Aarni’ East over magnetics and interpreted geology.
4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only
Figure 4: Arsenic (top), antimony (bottom) in BOT samples at Aarni’ East over magnetics with interpreted geology.
These pathfinder elements correlate with gold and emphasise the continuity of the trend.
4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Figure 5: Gold in BOT samples at Aarnivalkea (LHS) and Aarni’ East (RHS) over reduced to the pole magnetics. The late
northeast striking fault offsets the earlier north-south striking gold mineralised shear zones. The mineralised Aarni’
East BOT samples line up along a distinct magnetic contact, interpreted to represent a mineralised structure, the
offset continuation of which is located on the southeastern side of the late fault.

This announcement has been provided to the ASX under the authorization of Mark Bennett, Executive
Chairman.
For further information, please contact:
Mark Bennett
Executive Chairman
+61 8 6166 0240

Anna Neuling
Executive Director & Company Secretary
+61 8 6166 0240

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Past Exploration results reported in this announcement have been previously prepared and disclosed by S2 Resources Ltd in
accordance with JORC 2012. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects
the information included in these market announcements. The Company confirms that the form and content in which the
Competent Person's findings are presented here have not been materially modified from the original market announcement.
Refer to www.s2resources.com.au for details on past exploration results.
Competent Persons statements
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results from Australia is based on information compiled by John Bartlett,
who is an employee and shareholder of the Company. Mr Bartlett is a member of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy
(MAusIMM) and has sufficient experience of relevance to the style of mineralization and the types of deposits under
consideration, and to the activities undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore
Reserves Committee (JORC) Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr
Bartlett consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on information in the form and context in which it appears.
The following Tables are provided to ensure compliance with the JORC code (2012) edition requirements for the reporting of
exploration results.
SECTION 1: SAMPLING TECHNIQUES AND DATA
Criteria
Sampling
techniques

Drilling techniques

Drill
sample
recovery

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut
channels, random chips, or specific specialised
industry standard measurement tools
appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc).
These examples should not be taken as limiting
the broad meaning of sampling.

Base of Till (BoT) drilling is undertaken by Moreenityo Macklin
Oy of Sattanen, Finland. Holes are drilled to bedrock or blade
refusal and a 20cm sample is collected at the end of hole for
geochemical analysis and lithological logging.
All are forwarded for analyses by ALS Laboratories.

Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any measurement
tools or systems used

Sampling and QAQC procedures are carried out using S2
protocols as per industry best practice.

Aspects of the determination of mineralisation
that are Material to the Public Report. In cases
where ‘industry standard’ work has been done
this would be relatively simple (e.g. ‘reverse
circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m
samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to
produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In other
cases more explanation may be required, such
as where there is coarse gold that has
inherent sampling problems. Unusual
commodities or mineralisation types (e.g.
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of
detailed information

The BoT samples are sent to ALS Laboratories in Sodankyla,
Finland for preparation that includes weighing and then
screening to produce a sieved fraction <180 micron for
analyses for gold and base metals.

Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, openhole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka,
sonic, etc) and details (e.g. core diameter,
triple or standard tube, depth of diamond
tails, face- sampling bit or other type,
whether core is oriented and if so, by what
method, etc).
Method of recording and assessing core and
chip sample recoveries and results assessed

Base of Till drilling is by a percussion flow through sample bit
that can collect a 20cm sample of bedrock material at the base
of glacial deposits up to 20m thick.

BoT samples are visually inspected and photographed to assess
if they are likely to be a basement sample or whether the hole
has failed to reach basement due to boulders or excessive cover
thickness.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation
Measures taken to maximise sample recovery
and ensure representative nature of the
samples
Whether a relationship exists between sample
recovery and grade and whether sample bias
may have occurred due to preferential
loss/gain of fine/coarse material.

Logging
Whether core and chip samples have been
geologically and geotechnically logged to a
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative
in nature. Core (or costean, channel, etc)
photography.
The total length and percentage of the relevant
intersections logged
Sub-sampling
techniques and
sample
preparation

If core, whether cut or sawn and whether
quarter, half or all core taken.

If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled,
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or
dry.

Sample quality is qualitatively logged recording sample
condition, with quantity of fines versus coarse chips.

No relationship has been seen to exist

The logging uses a standard legend developed by S2 which is
suitable for wireframing of the basement interface.
Exploration holes are not geotechnically logged but resource
holes are.

All chips haves been photographed wet.

All drillholes were logged in full.

No core was drilled or sampled

Bot samples are dried and sieved.
A representative portion of the coarse fraction is retained and
logged

For all sample types, the nature, quality
and appropriateness of the sample
preparation technique.

Samples were delivered by S2 personnel to ALS Minerals
laboratory in Sodankyla, Finland for preparation that includes
weighing and then screening to produce a sieved fraction <180
micron for analyses for gold and base metals. The prepared
samples are forwarded to ALS Minerals Loughrea, Ireland, for
analysis.

Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub- sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.

Full QAQC system in place to determine accuracy and precision
of assays

Measures taken to ensure that the
sampling is representative of the in situ
material collected, including for instance
results for field duplicate/second-half
sampling.
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the
grain size of the material being sampled.
Quality of assay
data and
laboratory tests

Commentary

The nature, quality and appropriateness of
the assaying and laboratory procedures used
and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
parameters used in determining the
analysis including instrument make and
model, reading times, calibrations factors
applied and their derivation, etc.

No core was drilled or sampled

Samples are of appropriate size for geochemical reconnaissance
All samples were analysed by ALS Minerals Loughrea, Ireland.
Samples analysed using a 25g aqua regia digestion with a
combination of ICP-AES and ICP-MS finish (code AuME-TL43) for
Au as well as a multi-element suite (Ag, As, Bi, Ca, Cd, Cu, Fe, Hg,
Mg, Mn, Mo, Ni, P, Pb, S, Sb, Tl & Zn).

No geophysical tools were used to determine any element
concentrations.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Criteria

Verification
of sampling
and
assaying

JORC Code explanation
Nature of quality control procedures adopted
(e.g. standards, blanks, duplicates, external
laboratory checks) and whether acceptable
levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and
precision have been established.

Full QAQC system in place including Certified Standards and
blanks of appropriate matrix and levels

The verification of significant intersections by
either independent or alternative company
personnel.

A company representative has personally inspected all sample
chips with a photographic record kept for all chips. The
Exploration Manager has inspected all photographs.

The use of twinned holes.

No twinned holes were drilled within the main infilled anomaly.

Documentation of primary data, data
entry procedures, data verification,
data storage (physical and electronic)
protocols.

Location of
data points

Commentary

Primary sampling data is collected in a set of standard Excel
templates. The information is managed by S2’s database
manager for validation and compilation into S2’s central
database.

Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

No adjustments made

Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate
drillholes (collar and down-hole surveys),
trenches, mine workings and other locations
used in Mineral Resource estimation.

BoT collars were located with a handheld GPS with an accuracy
of within 3 metres.

Specification of the grid system used.

The grid system used is the Standard Finnish National
Grid ETRS-TM35FIN

Quality and adequacy of topographic control.

Excellent quality topographic maps produced by the Finnish
Authority – National Land Survey of Finland (NLS).

SECTION 2 REPORTING OF EXPLORATION RESULTS
Criteria
Mineral tenement
and land tenure
status

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Type, reference name/number, location and
ownership including agreements or material
issues with third parties such as joint ventures,
partnerships, overriding royalties, native title
interests, historical sites, wilderness or national
park and environmental settings.

The exploration work is located within the Paana Central
Exploration License. ML2018:0081
The exploration licenses are 100% owned by Sakumpu
Exploration Oy, a Finnish registered 100% owned subsidiary
of S2

The security of the tenure held at the time of
reporting along with any known
impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.
Exploration done by
other parties

Geology

All of the Exploration Licenses are in good standing and
no known impediments exist on the tenements being
actively explored.

Acknowledgment and appraisal of
exploration by other parties.

The area is a virgin greenfields discovery. Outokumpu
completed limited regional BoT drilling in the area, but were
not assayed for gold.

Deposit type, geological setting and
style of mineralisation.

The prospect style is a shear zone hosted orogenic gold
deposit within the Central Lapland Greenstone belt.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Criteria
Drill hole
Information

Data aggregation
methods

JORC Code explanation
A summary of all information material to the
understanding of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the following
information for all Material drill holes:
•
easting and northing of the drill
hole collar
•
elevation or RL (Reduced Level –
elevation above sea level in
metres) of the drill hole collar
•
dip and azimuth of the hole
•
down hole length and
interception depth
•
hole length.
In reporting Exploration Results, weighting
averaging techniques, maximum and/or
minimum grade truncations (e.g. cutting of
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short
lengths of high grade results and longer
lengths of low grade results, the procedure
used for such aggregation should be stated and
some typical examples of such aggregations
should be shown in detail.
The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated.

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and intercept
lengths

Diagram

Balanced reporting

These relationships are particularly
important in the reporting of Exploration
Results.
If the geometry of the mineralisation with
respect to the drill hole angle is known, its
nature should be reported.
If it is not known and only the down hole
lengths are reported, there should be a clear
statement to this effect (e.g. ‘down hole
length, true width not known’).
Appropriate maps and sections (with scales)
and tabulations of intercepts should be
included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be
limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views.
Where comprehensive reporting of all
Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low and high
grades and/or widths should be practiced to
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration
Results.

Commentary

Refer to sample plans in text.

Results are single point geochemical samples at the end of
the BoT hole.

None used.

None used.

The trend of mineralisation at the prospects described is
broadly north-south. Other orientation such as dip or dip
direction are not known at present. Diamond drilling will be
used to determine this.
Refer to figures in body of text.

Refer to Figures in body of text.

All results considered significant are reported.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

For personal use only

Criteria
Other substantive
exploration data

Further work

JORC Code explanation
Other exploration data, if meaningful and
material, should be reported including (but
not limited to): geological observations;
geophysical survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test
results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.
The nature and scale of planned further work
(e.g. tests for lateral extensions or depth
extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).
Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of
possible extensions, including the main
geological interpretations and future drilling
areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive

Commentary

No other exploration data present.

Initial diamond drilling of the prospect has commenced. This
area is able to be drilled in either winter or summer.

4/24 Parkland Road, Osborne Park, WA 6017, Australia. PO Box 1209, Osborne Park, WA 6916, Australia
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au

