For personal use only

ASX RELEASE | Schrole Group Limited (ASX:SCL)
Revision of International Schools Services agreement to
allow Schrole to focus on its SaaS business
Wednesday, 8 July 2020: Schrole Group (ASX: SCL) (‘Schrole’ or the ‘Company’), an Australian
education technology company, today announced that it had agreed to terminate its agreement in
June 2022 with International Schools Services, Inc ('ISS') for sales of ISS-Schrole Advantage Platform
(‘Advantage’).
In April 2018, Schrole entered into an agreement with ISS to provide recruitment services for
international schools under the brand ISS-Schrole Advantage. ISS was an ideal initial partner for
Schrole due to their position as market leaders in providing educational services to International
schools including teacher recruitment. Under the terms of the original Alliance Agreement with ISS,
the net revenue of ISS-Schrole Advantage Pty Ltd was expected to be shared on a 50:50 basis by
Schrole and ISS, subject to a transitional arrangement aimed at maintaining each party’s prior revenue
base at minimum. However, due to the structure of the agreement Schrole has yet to reach a position
of sharing revenues on a 50:50 basis. The ISS-Schrole Advantage alliance generated revenue of $4.3
million in FY2019 (January to December 2019). Over that period of time Schrole's revenue share under
the Alliance Agreement was 37%.
The decision to revise the agreement will allow Schrole to focus on its evolution into a traditional SaaS
business, and in particular selling its suite of HR software solutions to education software and services
groups globally, from which they can offer Schrole’s suite of products to their school networks.
The revised agreement covers a transition period of 24 months during which Schrole and ISS will split
revenues on a fixed 50-50 basis to 30 June 2022. From 1 July 2022, the ISS Schrole partnership will
cease and customers of ISS-Schrole Advantage will be able to choose whether to continue their
relationship with either Schrole or ISS or both companies.
Schrole Group Managing Director, Mr Rob Graham added: “The revised agreement with ISS is expected
to deliver improved cash flow generation for Schrole until the completion of the Alliance Agreement
and reflects the investment we have made in the partnership. As we transition Schrole towards
becoming a SaaS business providing HR software to global education groups, this represents an
appropriate time for ISS and Schrole to transition towards independent strategies.
On 1 July 2020, we announced a significant partnership with Faria Education Group to integrate and
cross-sell Schrole’s unique product portfolio into Faria’s extensive school networks. As a result of this
partnership, it was appropriate to revise the ISS agreement for Advantage,” he said.
-ENDSThis announcement has been approved by the Schrole Board
About Schrole
Schrole delivers innovative, technology-based solutions for the education sector. The company has
four revenue generating business units:
•

ISS-Schrole Advantage for the international school market – an online Software-as-a-Service
platform that enables international schools to streamline teacher recruitment and candidate
management activities;
-1-

For personal use only

•

Schrole Verify – a new global standard for background screening in the international schools
sector;

•

Schrole Cover – a cloud-based software platform that engages your preferred relief staff at the
touch of a button; and

•

Schrole ETAS – Schrole Education and Training Advisory Service provides accredited training
solutions customised to the contexts in which our clients operate.

For further information please contact:
Schrole Group Ltd
Rob Graham
Managing Director
Schrole Group Ltd
E: investors@schrole.com
P: +61 8 9230 7000

Corporate Enquiries
Tim Chapman
Director
Henslow Pty Ltd
E: tchapman@henslow.com
P: +61 3 8622 3310

-2-

