Six Sigma Metals
Corporate Details
ASX Code: SI6

Directors
Patrick Holywell
Chairman

For personal use only

8 JULY 2020

Successful capital raising completed

Six Sigma Metals Limited (ASX:Si6, Six Sigma or Company) is pleased to advise that the
Company has received commitments for a placement of 160 million shares at a price of
A$0.006 per share to sophisticated, professional and other exempt investors to raise
~A$960,000 (before costs) (Placement). One attaching option (exercisable at 0.8c per
share, expiring 1 July 2022) for every two Placement shares will be issued to Placement
participants.
The Placement pricing represents a +10% premium to the 10-day VWAP and 20%
premium to the 20-day VWAP.
In addition, the Company intends to undertake a Share Purchase Plan to raise an
additional $480,000 on the same terms as the Placement (SPP). Holders of Six Sigma
shares with an address in Australia or New Zealand as at 5:00pm WST on 7 July 2020 may
apply for up to $15,000 of shares on the same terms as the Placement. The SPP offer
document will be dispatched to shareholders in due course and the SPP will not be
underwritten.

Steve Groves
Non-Executive Director
Joshua Letcher
Non-Executive Director
Mauro Piccini
Company Secretary

Contact
Suite 2, Level 1
1 Altona Street
West Perth WA
Australia 6005
+61 (8) 6559 1792
info@sixsigmametals.com
sixsigmametals.com

The Placement shares will be placed in accordance with the Company’s available capacity
pursuant to Listing Rule 7.1 and 7.1A. The Placement shares will rank equally with existing Six Sigma ordinary shares
quoted on the ASX. The issue of the Placement shares is expected to on or around 14 July 2020. An indicative timetable
for the Placement and the SPP is set out in Annexure A to this announcement.

Chairman of Six Sigma, Mr Patrick Holywell, said: “We are pleased with the interest and support received, particularly
from our current larger shareholders. We are also pleased to offer existing shareholders the opportunity to increase their
investment. Funds raised under the placement will be used to continue exploration in Botswana, assess new gold and
base metals opportunities and for working capital purposes.”

Subject to ASX requirements, the Company intends to seek quotation of the attaching options under the Placement and
the SPP. The attaching options will not be issued under the SPP offer document but instead will be issued under a separate
disclosure document to be lodged after close of the SPP offer. If quotation of the attaching options cannot be obtained,
they will remain as unquoted options.
Xcel Capital Pty Ltd has been engaged to act as Lead Manager to the Placement and SPP and will be paid a fee of $102,320
in addition to 30 million options issued with the same terms as the attaching options issued to Placement subscribers.
The issue of the attaching Placement options, SPP options and Lead Manager options will be subject to shareholder
approval expected to be held in September 2020.
The SPP meets the requirements of Listing Rule 7.2 exception 5. Any shortfall associated with the SPP will be placed by
the Lead Manager and subject to shareholder approval.

Authorsied on behalf of the Board,
Mauro Piccini
Company Secretary

For personal use only

Annexure A – Indicative Timetable
Event

Date

Record Date for participation in SPP

Tuesday, 7 July 2020

Announcement of SPP

Wednesday, 8 July 2020

Issue of Placement Shares

Tuesday, 14 July 2020

Dispatch of SPP Booklet and release on ASX (SPP
Offer opens)

Thursday, 23 July 2020

SPP Closes

Friday, 14 August 2020

Announce results of SPP Offer

Tuesday, 18 August 2020

Issue and quotation of SPP shares

Thursday, 20 August 2020

Note: These dates are indicative only. Subject to ASX requirements, the Company may vary the dates (including bringing forward
or extending the closing date) of the SPP in its discretion and without notice.

About Six Sigma Metals
Six Sigma Metals (ASX: SI6) is an exploration company operating in Southern Africa specifically targeting projects containing “battery
or new world” metals to capitalise on the rising interest in the sector due to recent global technology advances and increasing
demand for these commodities.
page | 2

