ASX and Media Release

For personal use only

Wednesday, 8 July 2020

Drill Rig being mobilised to the Last Chance Gold Prospect,
Tintina Gold Province, Alaska.

ASX Code: WRM

White Rock Minerals Ltd (“White Rock” or the “Company”) is pleased to provide an
update on its exploration program at the Last Chance Gold Prospect, located within
its 100% owned Red Mountain Project in central Alaska.

Issued Securities
Shares: 2,352 million
Options: 575 million

HIGHLIGHTS

Cash on hand (31 Mar 2020)
$1.56M

• Drill contract for an initial 2,000 metres of diamond core drilling has been

Market Cap (7 July 2020)
$25.8M at $0.011 per share

•

Directors & Management
Peter Lester
Non-Executive Chairman

•
•

Matthew Gill
Managing Director &
Chief Executive Officer
Jeremy Gray
Non-Executive Director
Stephen Gorenstein
Non-Executive Director
Shane Turner
Company Secretary
Rohan Worland
Exploration Manager
For further information, contact:
Matthew Gill or Shane Turner
Phone: 03 5331 4644
info@whiterockminerals.com.au
www.whiterockminerals.com.au

•

executed to conduct the first ever drilling of White Rock’s large (15km² in area)
robust gold anomaly at the Last Chance Prospect1, central Alaska.
Several promising targets have already been identified. Drilling is expected to
commence by early August.
The 6-person geology field crew continues with their detailed reconnaissance
mapping and detailed soil sampling, which commenced on 16 June 2020.
The robust nature of the gold anomaly provides a focused area for field work to
determine the source of this significant gold anomalism.
Sampling is progressing well with 1,852 of a planned 3,000 soil sample program
already collected and submitted to the laboratory for analysis and a further 366
rock chip samples also collected and submitted for analysis.

1

Refer ASX Announcement 28 January 2020 “Large Gold Anomaly Discovered, Tintina Gold Province,
Alaska.”

Competent Persons Statement
The information in this report that relates to exploration results is based on information
compiled by Mr Rohan Worland who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists
and is a consultant to White Rock Minerals Ltd. Mr Worland has sufficient experience which
is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the
activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
and Ore Reserves’. Mr Worland consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based
on this information in the form and context in which it appears.
No New Information or Data
This announcement contains references to exploration results and Mineral Resource
estimates, all of which have been cross-referenced to previous market announcements by
the Company. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data
that materially affects the information included in the relevant market announcements and
in the case of estimates of Mineral Resources that all material assumptions and technical
parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcement continue to
apply and have not materially changed.
This release is authorised by the Board of White Rock Minerals Ltd.
For more information about White Rock and its Projects, please visit
www.whiterockminerals.com.au

