ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
6 July 2020

NOT FOR RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION IN THE UNITED STATES

ABOUT AIC MINES

For personal use only

AIC Mines is a growth focused
Australian exploration company.
The Company’s strategy is to
build a portfolio of gold and
copper assets in Australia
through
exploration,
development and acquisition.
AIC currently has two key
projects,
the
Marymia
exploration project, strategically
located within trucking distance
of the Plutonic Gold Mine and
the DeGrussa Copper Mine, and
the Lamil exploration JV located
in the Paterson Province
immediately west of the Telfer
Gold-Copper Mine.

Placement Completed and
Entitlement Offer Commenced
HIGHLIGHTS
•

Strongly supported $2.6 million Placement to existing and new professional and
sophisticated investors.

•

A 1-for-7 Entitlement Offer to raise up to an additional $2.1 million.

•

Net proceeds of the Placement and Entitlement Offer to fund an inaugural drilling
program at the Lamil Project as well as ongoing exploration, geophysics and drilling
programs at the Marymia Project, and assessing new opportunities.

CORPORATE DIRECTORY
Josef El-Raghy
Non-Executive Chairman

Aaron Colleran
Managing Director & CEO
Brett Montgomery
Non-Executive Director
Tony Wolfe
Non-Executive Director
Linda Hale & Heidi Brown
Joint Company Secretaries

CORPORATE DETAILS

ASX: A1M
www.aicmines.com.au
ABN: 11 060 156 452
P: +61 (8) 6269 0110
F: +61 (8) 6230 5176
E: info@aicmines.com.au
A: A8, 435 Roberts Rd,
Subiaco, WA, 6008
Share Register:
Computershare Investor
Services

Successful Completion of Placement
AIC Mines Ltd (ASX: A1M) (AIC or the Company) is pleased to announce the successful
completion of its placement of fully paid ordinary shares in AIC (New Shares) at the
offer price of $0.28 per New Share (Offer Price) to sophisticated and professional
investors (Placement). The Offer Price represents an 8.2% discount to AIC's last closing
price (30 June 2020) of $0.305 per share and an 8.6% discount to the 5-day VWAP of
$0.3064 per share
The Placement received strong support from both existing and new investors, with
applications received in respect of $2.6 million.
The Placement will be completed in two tranches, with Tranche 1 consisting of
6,785,714 New Shares to be issued within the Company's placement capacity under
Listing Rule 7.1. Tranche 2 will consist of 2,500,000 New Shares to be issued subject to
shareholder approval, which the Company will seek to procure at the Annual General
Meeting to be held on 29 July 2020.
Key dates of the Placement are provided in the Appendix to this announcement.
The New Shares issued under the Placement will be listed on the ASX and rank equally
with existing fully paid ordinary shares in AIC.
The Placement was managed by Argonaut Securities Pty Limited.
Non-renounceable Entitlement Offer
The Company is also undertaking a fully underwritten, non-renounceable entitlement
offer to raise up to $2.1 million (Entitlement Offer).
The Entitlement Offer will offer Eligible Shareholders (defined below) the opportunity
to subscribe for 1 New Share for every 7 existing AIC shares held on the Record Date,
being Thursday, 9 July 2020 at the Offer Price (Entitlements). Eligible Shareholders who
elect to take up their full Entitlements and who are not a related party of AIC, may also
apply for additional New Shares, subject to the terms of the oversubscription facility to
be fully set out in the Entitlement Offer materials.
1

The Entitlement Offer Price of $0.28 per New Share is the same price that was offered to investors who
participated in the Placement.

For personal use only

Together, the Placement and Entitlement Offer seek to raise $4.7 million (before costs), which will be used
to fund an inaugural drilling program at the Lamil Project as well as ongoing exploration, geophysics and
drilling programs at the Marymia Project, and assessing new opportunities.
Who is eligible to participate in the Entitlement Offer?

The Entitlement Offer is available to all registered shareholders who hold shares on the Record Date with an
address on the AIC register in Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Singapore, Indonesia or the United
Kingdom, or certain other foreign jurisdictions determined by AIC (as described in the "Selling Restrictions"
section of the Investor Presentation released to ASX at the same time as this announcement) (Eligible
Shareholders).
If you are not an Eligible Shareholder or you choose to let your Entitlement lapse, you cannot participate in
the Entitlement Offer and your percentage shareholding in AIC will be diluted as a result of the Entitlement
Offer.

Underwriting

The Entitlement Offer is fully underwritten by Argonaut Capital Limited (Underwriter). It is proposed that
the Entitlement Offer will be sub-underwritten by major shareholder and Chairman, Josef El-Raghy (through
his related entity, El-Raghy Kriewaldt Pty Ltd), and Managing Director, Aaron Colleran, on the terms set out
in the respective sub-underwriting agreements with the Underwriter. These arrangements will be further
detailed in the Offer Booklet.
Additional Information
Eligible Shareholders will be sent the Offer Booklet and a personalised entitlement and acceptance form by
14 July 2020. Eligible Shareholders wishing to participate in the Entitlement Offer should carefully read the
Offer Booklet (and their personalised entitlement and acceptance form). Copies of the Offer Booklet will also
be available on the ASX website at www.asx.com.au and on AIC's website at www.aicmines.com.au.
If shareholders have any questions about the Entitlement Offer they can call the Company’s share registry
on 1300 850 505 or +61 (03) 9415 4000 (outside Australia) at any time between 8:30am and 5:30pm (AEST)
on Monday to Friday during the Entitlement Offer period.
Key dates of the Entitlement Offer are provided in the Appendix to this announcement.

Updates on the Lamil Project

Drilling Campaign at Lamil Project

The first phase of drilling at the Lamil Project remains on schedule to commence in September 2020 subject
to Heritage Surveys being completed as planned during late July-early August 2020.
The focus of this inaugural campaign will be the Priority 1 and Priority 2 target areas as currently defined
within the southern portion of the project area (E45/5271). This will require a combination of Reverse
Circulation and Diamond Core drilling.
With the recent granting of the northern half of the project area (E45/5270) preparations are also underway
to extend the existing surface gravity surveys and ultra-fine soil geochemical surveys.

2

For personal use only

Figure 1. Priority Drill Targets

The Lamil Project – Overview
AIC is currently earning an interest in the Lamil Project located within the highly prospective Paterson
Province of remote North Western Australia under the terms of an earn-in and exploration joint venture
agreement with Rumble Resources Limited (ASX: RTR).

The Paterson Province is widely recognised as being one of the most well-endowed yet under-explored
regions in Australia due largely to its remoteness and extensive cover.

Recent exploration success by Rio Tinto at Winu and by the Newcrest-Greatland Gold JV at Havieron has
confirmed the prospectivity of the region and particularly in areas where the bedrock sequences of interest
are under cover. These discoveries have resulted in the Paterson Province becoming one of the most soughtafter exploration areas in Australia.
The Lamil Project comprises 2 Exploration Licences (E45/5270 and E45/5271) spanning a strike length of 90
kilometres which together secure an area totalling 1,280km2 situated midway between the Telfer GoldCopper Mine and the Nifty Copper Mine.

The licences are underlain by Proterozoic Basement rocks that are prospective for Telfer-style Gold-Copper
Deposits and Winu-style Copper-Gold mineralisation.

Geophysical surveys have been successful in developing an improved understanding of the regional
framework, depth to basement and the structural architecture of the basement sequence at Lamil.
Understanding these key elements is critical in guiding effective exploration across such a large ground
holding. A recent assessment of the geophysical data has identified some 26 targets including 15 which are
considered high priority and “drill ready” (see AIC ASX Announcement dated 6 April 2020).

3

Authorisation
This announcement has been approved for issue by, and enquiries regarding this announcement may be
directed to:

For personal use only

Aaron Colleran
Managing Director
Email: info@aicmines.com.au

Lamil Project Joint Venture Information

AIC is earning an interest in the Lamil Gold-Copper Project in the Paterson Province in the northwest of Western Australia.
Under the terms of the earn-in and exploration joint venture agreement with Rumble Resources (ASX: RTR) (“Rumble”),
AIC can earn a 50% interest by spending $6 million over 4 years. Thereafter AIC can earn a further 15% by spending $4
million over 1 year if Rumble elects not to commence contributing. The key terms of the earn-in and exploration joint
venture agreement are described in the Company’s ASX announcement dated 22 July 2019.
Exploration Information Extracted from ASX Announcements
This announcement contains information extracted from ASX market announcements reported in accordance with the
2012 edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves” (“2012
JORC Code”). Further details, including 2012 JORC Code reporting tables where applicable, can be found in the following
announcements lodged on the ASX:

•
•
•
•

Paterson Province Exploration Joint Venture
Multiple New Gold-Copper Targets Identified at Lamil Project
Geochemical Survey Identifies New Gold-Copper Targets at Lamil Project
Exploration Update – Lamil Project Paterson Province

22 July 2019
6 April 2020
25 May 2020
18 June 2020

The announcements are available for viewing on the Company’s website www.aicmines.com.au under the Investors tab.
AIC confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the
original ASX announcement.
Nature of this release
This release is for information purposes only and is not financial product or investment advice or a recommendation to
acquire AIC shares (nor does it or will it form any part of any contract to acquire AIC shares). The information in this
release is in summary form and does not contain all the information necessary to fully evaluate the Entitlement Offer or
any potential investment in AIC. It should be read in conjunction with AIC's other periodic and continuous disclosure
announcements lodged with ASX. This release has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial
situation or needs of individuals. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should consider the
appropriateness of the information having regard to their own objectives and financial situation and seek legal, financial
and taxation advice.
This release may not be released or distributed in the United States. This release does not constitute an offer to sell, or
a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which, or to any person
to whom, it would not be lawful to make such an offer. None of the Entitlements or the New Shares have been, or will
be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction
of the United States and may not be offered or sold in the United States, except in transactions exempt from, or not
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable US state securities laws.
All dollar values are in Australian dollars (A$) unless otherwise stated. All times and dates refer to Australian Eastern
Standard time (AEST).

4

Appendix 1

For personal use only

Key Dates of the Placement
Event

Date

Placement results announced

Monday, 6 July 2020

Settlement of Tranche 1 New Shares

Friday, 10 July 2020

Allotment of Tranche 1 New Shares

Monday, 13 July 2020

Settlement of Tranche 2 New Shares (subject to shareholder approval)

Monday, 3 August 2020

Allotment of Tranche 2 New Shares (subject to shareholder approval)

Tuesday, 4 August 2020

The Indicative Timetable is subject to change. AIC reserves the right to vary the timetable for the Placement without
notice, subject to the Corporations Act, ASX Listing Rules and other applicable laws.

Key Dates of the Entitlement Offer
Event

Date

Entitlement Offer announced

Monday, 6 July 2020

Record Date to determine eligibility to participate in the Entitlement Offer

Thursday, 9 July 2020

Entitlement Offer opens and Offer Booklet despatched

By Tuesday, 14 July 2020

Entitlement Offer closes

Monday, 27 July 2020

Announcement of Results of the Entitlement Offer

By Thursday, 30 July 2020

Issue of New Shares under the Entitlement Offer

Friday, 31 July 2020

Holding Statements sent to Shareholders

Friday, 31 July 2020

Trading of New Shares and Additional New Shares (if any) issued under
the Entitlement Offer expected to commence on ASX

Monday, 3 August 2020

The Indicative Timetable is subject to change. AIC reserves the right to vary the timetable for the Entitlement Offer
without notice, subject to the Corporations Act, ASX Listing Rules and other applicable laws. In particular, AIC reserves
the right to extend the closing date of the Entitlement Offer, to accept late applications either generally or in particular
cases or to withdraw the Entitlement Offer without prior notice. The commencement of quotation of New Shares under
the Entitlement Offer is subject to confirmation from ASX.

5

