For personal use only

Adacel Technologies Limited
ABN 15 079 672 281
Unit 29, 3 Westside Avenue
Port Melbourne, Victoria 3207 Australia
T. +61 3 8530 7777
W. www.adacel.com

Adacel Technologies Limited
(ASX: ADA)

ASX Announcement & Media Release
6 July 2020

Adacel Market Update – PBT Guidance Increased
Highlights
▪

Updated FY2020 earnings guidance of profit before tax of approximately A$4.8 million excluding nonrecurring litigation costs and the impact of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases of an estimated A$1.9
million to A$2.2 million

▪

Updated 30 June 2020 cash balance of approximately A$5 million

Adacel Technologies Limited (Adacel or the Company) is pleased to announce that, following continued
strong operational execution, the Company anticipates profit before tax of approximately A$4.8 million for
the financial year ended 30 June 2020, excluding the effect of one-off items relating to litigation and the
impact of the adoption of AASB 16 Leases. The anticipated profit before tax for FY2020 represents an
increase of 20% over the previous guidance.
The increase in profit before tax guidance can be attributed to a number of factors. Despite global travel
restrictions, the Company undertook and expedited several critical infrastructure installations, including
the partial completion of MaxSim upgrades for existing customers in the US and Australia. In addition,
the Company was able to expedite two Aurora air traffic management projects in Fiji and Portugal while
continuing to work remotely with customers.
The Company expects a cash balance of approximately A$5 million at 30 June 2020. The higher than
forecast cash balance is due to the completion of several MaxSim upgrades, ongoing operating
efficiencies and improved cash management.
Chief Executive Officer, Daniel Verret, said, "I am very pleased with our progress despite the challenges
our teams faced with COVID-19. We monitored and adapted quickly to our customers’ needs and
mobilized our resources efficiently. Looking forward to FY2021, assuming modest and steady recovery
from the COVID-19 disruption, we anticipate continued improvement in our financial performance.”
This media release includes references to non-AASB measures such as normalised profit before tax
(PBT) (i.e. PBT before one-off items). The directors believe the presentation of non-AASB financial
measures are useful for the users of this media release as they provide additional and relevant
information that reflect the underlying financial performance of the business. Non-AASB financial
measures are not subject to audit or review.
This announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Directors.

ADA ASX Release

Page | 2

-ENDS

For personal use only

About Adacel
Adacel is listed on the ASX and is a leading developer of operational air traffic management systems,
speech recognition applications and advanced air traffic control simulation and training solutions. Further
information on the Company can be found on its website at www.adacel.com.
For further information, contact:
Daniel Verret
Chief Executive Officer
+1 (514) 558 9801
dverret@adacel.com

Hasaka Martin
Company Secretary
+61 (0) 424 685 041
Hasaka.Martin@boardroomlimited.com.au

