For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT AND MEDIA RELEASE

6 July 2020

Avenira to raise approximately $3.4 million to advance Jundee South
Gold and Wonarah Projects
•

~$2.2 million Placement at $0.008 per share to sophisticated investors

•

Fully underwritten 2 for 7 non-renounceable entitlements issue to raise an
additional $1.2 million, also at $0.008 per share

•

Proceeds result in Avenira being well-funded to undertake exploration at the
Jundee South project, progress the Wonarah project scoping study as well as to
meet general working capital

Avenira Limited (Avenira or the Company) (ASX: AEV) is pleased to announce that it has
secured binding commitments to raise a total of A$2,218,240 (before costs) by way of a twotranche placement to sophisticated and strategic investors of 277,280,000 fully paid ordinary
shares in the Company (New Shares) at $0.008 per New Share (Placement). The success of
the Placement is a strong endorsement for the Company’s growth strategy in the Western
Australian gold sector whilst continuing to explore the Company’s Wonarah Phosphate Project.
Avenira also proposes to undertake a non-renounceable pro-rata entitlements issue
(Entitlements Offer), under which eligible shareholders will have the opportunity to subscribe
for two New Shares for every seven existing shares held at the same issue price of $0.008 per
share, to raise approximately $1.2 million (before costs). The Entitlements Offer is fully
underwritten by Taylor Collison.
Proceeds from the Placement and Entitlements Offer will be used to:
•

Undertake a maiden drilling program at the Company’s Jundee South Gold Project.
Following the acquisition of the Jundee South Project earlier this year, Avenira has completed
a review that has highlighted a number of exploration targets. A drilling program to
investigate the Priority 1 Targets is anticipated to commence in September 2020 (refer to the
Company’s announcements of 4 June 2020 and 11 June 2020 for further details).

•

Continue the Wonarah Project Scoping Study.
Avenira is continuing to progress its Wonarah Project, although notes that there has been a
continued deterioration in the phosphate rock price through 2020. The Company intends to
monitor the phosphate market while is considers the optimal processing solution for the
project in such a low price environment.

•

General working capital purposes.

New Shares issued under the Placement and Entitlements Offer will rank equally with the
Company’s existing ordinary shares on issue.

Suite 6, 100 Mill Point Road, South Perth WA 6151
PO Box 1704 West Perth WA 6874
+61 8 9264 7000
frontdesk@avenira.com

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION:
Mr Brett Clark
Chairman and CEO, Avenira Limited
Mr Graeme Smith
CFO and Company Secretary, Avenira Limited

For personal use only

Avenira’s Executive Chairman, Mr Brett Clark said “We have been overwhelmed with support
for the Placement and we look forward to enabling existing shareholders to participate in the
Entitlements Offer.
We are excited to have the funding available to advance our projects. In particular, we are
looking forward to drilling the Jundee South Gold Project, with a program testing the Priority 1
targets commencing soon.”
Placement
The Placement comprises:
•

66.1 million New Shares to be issued under the Company’s existing Listing Rule 7.1
placement capacity (Tranche 1); and

•

211.1 million New Shares to be issued subject to shareholder approval, to be sought at
a general meeting to be held in late August 2020 (Tranche 2).

The issue price of $0.008 represents:
•

a 20% discount to the last closing price of the Company’s shares on 30 June 2020 of
$0.01 per share; and

•

a discount of 27% to the fifteen-day volume weighted average price of the Company’s
shares on the ASX of $0.011 prior to the date of the trading halt on 1 July 2020.

Mr Kevin Dundo, Director, will, subject to Shareholder approval participate in Tranche 2, by
subscribing for up to 6.25 million New Shares.
Taylor Collison has acted as the Sole Lead Manager to the Placement. Taylor Collison will be
entitled to receive:
•

a management fee equal to 2% of the Placement;

•

a placing fee equal to 4% of the Placement funds raised from new investors introduced
by Taylor Collison;

•

6 million options in the Company with an exercise price of $0.025 and an expiry date of
3 years from the date of issue; and

•

6 million options in the Company with an exercise price of $0.035 and an expiry date of
3 years from the date of issue.

Settlement of the New Shares to be issued under Tranche 1 is expected to occur on Monday,
13 July 2020. New Shares issued under Tranche 1 will rank equally with exiting shares in the
Company. An Appendix 3B for the proposed issue of New Shares in respect to Tranche 1 will be
lodged following this announcement.
Subject to the Company obtaining shareholder approval, settlement of the New Shares to be
issued under Tranche 2 is expected to occur on or about Friday, 4 September 2020. New Shares
issued under Tranche 2 will rank equally with exiting shares in the Company. An Appendix 3B
for the proposed issue of New Shares in respect to Tranche 2 will be lodged following this
announcement.

2

For personal use only

Fully Underwritten Entitlements Offer
Avenira also intends to offer all of its existing eligible shareholders the opportunity to subscribe
for 2 Shares for every 7 Shares held at an offer price of $0.008 per Share under the nonrenounceable pro rata entitlements issue to raise approximately $1.2 million (before costs).
The Entitlements Offer will provide eligible Avenira shareholders with the opportunity to
participate in the capital raising at the same price as the Placement.
An indicative timetable for the Entitlements Offer is shown in the following table:
Table 1: Indicative Entitlements Offer timetable
Event

Date

Settlement of Tranche 1 New Shares

14 July 2020

Issue Date of Tranche 1 New Shares

15 July 2020

Prospectus lodged with ASX and ASIC

16 July 2020

Ex Date

20 July 2020

Record Date

21 July 2020

Prospectus dispatched to eligible shareholders

24 July 2020

Entitlement Offer opening date

24 July 2020

Last day to extend the closing date

11 August 2020

Entitlement Offer closing date

14 August 2020

Issue Entitlement Offer Shares

21 August 2020

General Meeting

31 August 2020

Issue date for Tranche 2 New Shares

7 September 2020

Note: the above timetable is indicative and remains subject to change at the Company’s discretion, subject to compliance with
applicable laws. Any changes will be announced to ASX as appropriate.

The Entitlement Offer will be fully underwritten by Taylor Collison Limited (Underwriter) pursuant
to an underwriting agreement with the Company dated 6 July 2020 (Underwriting Agreement).
Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Underwriter will be entitled to an underwriting fee
equal to 4% of the amount to be raised under the Entitlement Offer (Underwritten Amount) and
a management fee equal to 2% of the Underwritten Amount.
Refer to Schedule 1 to this Announcement for a summary of the events upon the occurrence of
which the Underwriter may terminate the Underwriting Agreement.
Sub-Underwriters
The Underwriter may allocate part of the Underwritten Amount to certain Sub-Underwriters (SubUnderwriters).
The Company is pleased to welcome a new strategic investor, Au Xingao Investment Pty Ltd
(Au Xingao) who has participated in the Placement and will Sub-Underwrite the Entitlement
Offer up to $833,210.
Following the Placement and Entitlement Offer, Au Xingao may acquire an interest of up to
19.9% of the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Underwriter and the Company will scale
back Au Xingao’s Sub-Underwriting, as required, to ensure that Au Xingao does not obtain voting
power in the Company above 19.9%.
3

For more information about Avenira and its projects, please visit the ASX platform (ASX: AEV)
or the Company’s website, www.avenira.com.

For personal use only

This announcement has been authorised by Brett Clark on behalf of the Board of Avenira.
Brett Clark
Executive Chairman
+618 9264 7000
About Avenira
Avenira is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange under the code AEV. Avenira is a Western
Australian based mining and exploration company with a focus on phosphate and gold projects in
Australia.
Avenira’s main project is the Wonarah Phosphate Project located in the Northern Territory. Avenira has
initiated a scoping study for Wonarah.
In addition to the Jundee South Project, Avenira will also continue to review various precious metals
projects in Australia as they are presented to the Company.

4

SCHEDULE 1 – UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT TERMINATION EVENTS

For personal use only

1. Unqualified termination events
The Underwriter may in its sole discretion terminate the Underwriting Agreement if:
(a) (Offer Withdrawn): the Entitlement Offer is withdrawn by the Company;
(b) (No Listing Approval): the Company fails to lodge an Appendix 2A in relation to the
underwritten New Shares with ASX by the time required by the Listing Rules, the Corporations
Act or any other regulations;
(c) (Corrective Disclosure):
(i). If the Underwriter, in certain circumstances, forms the view on reasonable grounds
that a corrective document should be lodged with ASX to comply with the
Corporations Act and the Company fails to lodge a corrective document in such form
and content and within such time as the Underwriter may reasonably require; or
(ii). the Company lodges a corrective document without the prior written agreement of the
Underwriter (which agreement the Underwriter may not unreasonably withhold);
(d) (Restriction on issue): the Company is prevented from issuing the underwritten New Shares
within the time required by the Underwriting Agreement, the Corporations Act, the Listing
Rules, or any other law;
(e) (ASIC application): an application is made by ASIC for an order under section 1324B or any
other provision of the Corporations Act in relation to the Entitlement Offer before the shortfall
notification date;
(f) (Indictable offence): a director or senior manager of the Company is charged with an
indictable offence which is materially adverse to the Underwriter; or
(g) (Default from Key Sub-Underwriter): the Company is unable to provide evidence and
confirmation of cleared funds in a bank account controlled by the Company of the a key subunderwriter's respective proportion of the shortfall amount one business day prior to the
settlement date; and
2. Qualified termination Events:
The Underwriter may at any time terminate the Underwriting Agreement if, in the reasonable
opinion of the Underwriter reached in good faith, any of the specified events has or is likely to
have, or those events together have, or could reasonably be expected to have:
(a)

a material adverse effect on the:
(i). outcome of the Entitlement Offer (including, without limitation, a material adverse
effect on a decision of an investor to invest in underwritten New Shares); or
(ii). a material adverse effect on the condition, trading or financial position and
performance, profits and losses, results, prospects, business or operations of the
Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; or

(b)

could give rise to a liability of the Underwriter under the Corporations Act.

For personal use only

The qualified termination events are as follows:
(a) (Misleading Documents): any statement in the Prospectus becomes misleading or
deceptive or likely to mislead or deceive or if the issue of the Prospectus is or becomes
misleading or deceptive or likely to mislead or deceive, subject to this being materially adverse
to the Underwriter;
(b) (Takeovers Panel): the Takeovers Panel makes a declaration that circumstances in relation
to the affairs of the Company are unacceptable circumstances under Pt 6.10 of the
Corporations Act, or an application for such a declaration is made to the Takeovers Panel and
is not withdrawn or disposed of by the shortfall notice deadline, either of which in the
Underwriter’s reasonable opinion has a material adverse effect;
(c) (Termination Event): any of the following events having a materially adverse effect:
(i).

(Default): default or breach by the Company under the Underwriting Agreement of
any terms, condition, covenant or undertaking and the default or breach is either
incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 10 business days after the Underwriter
notifies the Company of the default or breach or by the shortfall notice deadline date,
whichever is earlier;

(ii).

(Incorrect or untrue representation): any representation, warranty or undertaking
given by the Company in the Underwriting Agreement is or becomes untrue or
incorrect to a material respect;

(iii).

(Contravention of constitution or Act): a material contravention by the Company
of any provision of its constitution, the Corporations Act, the Listing Rules or any other
applicable legislation or any policy or requirement of ASIC or ASX;

(iv).

(Adverse change): an event occurs which gives rise to a material adverse effect or
any adverse change or any development including a prospective adverse change
after the date of the Underwriting Agreement in the assets, liabilities, financial position,
trading results, profits, losses, prospects, business or operations of the Company;

(v).

(Misleading information): any information supplied at any time by the Company or
any person on its behalf to the Underwriter in respect of any aspect of the Entitlement
Offer or the affairs of the Company is or becomes misleading or deceptive or likely to
mislead or deceive to a material respect;

(vi).

(Change in Act or policy): there is introduced, or there is a public announcement of
a proposal to introduce, into the Parliament of Australia or any of its States or
Territories any Act or prospective Act or budget or the Reserve Bank of Australia or
any Commonwealth or State authority adopts or announces a proposal to adopt any
new, or any major change in, existing, monetary, taxation, exchange or fiscal policy;

(vii).

(Prescribed Occurrence): a prescribed occurrence (as defined in the Underwriting
Agreement) occurs;

(viii).

(Suspension of debt payments): the Company suspends payment of its debts
generally;

(ix).

(Event of Insolvency): an event of insolvency occurs in respect of the Company;

(x).

(Judgment against the Company): a judgment in an amount exceeding $100,000
is obtained against the Company and is not set aside or satisfied within seven days;

(xi).

(Litigation): litigation, arbitration, administrative or industrial proceedings are after
the date of the Underwriting Agreement commenced against the Company;

For personal use only

(xii).

(Board and senior management composition): there is a change in the
composition of the Board or a change in the senior management of the Company
before the issue of the New Shares without the prior written consent of the Underwriter
(such consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld);

(xiii).

(Change in shareholdings): a takeover offer or scheme of arrangement pursuant to
Chapter 5 or 6 of the Corporations Act is publicly announced in relation to the
Company;

(xiv).

(Timetable): there is a delay in any specified date in the timetable for the Entitlement
Offer which is greater than 3 Business Days, without the prior written consent of the
Underwriter (such consent not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld);

(xv).

(Force Majeure): a force majeure event affecting the Company's business or any
obligation under the Underwriting Agreement lasting in excess of seven days occurs;

(xvi).

(Certain resolutions passed): the Company passes or takes any steps to pass a
resolution under section 254N, section 257A or section 260B of the Corporations Act
or a resolution to amend its constitution without the prior written consent of the
Underwriter;

(xvii). (Capital Structure): the Company alters its capital structure in any manner not
contemplated by the Prospectus or permitted by the Underwriting Agreement;
(xviii). (Market Movement): the S&P/ASX Small Ordinaries index falls by more than 7.5%
after the date of the Underwriting Agreement;
(xix).

(Investigation): any person is appointed under any legislation in respect of
companies to investigate the affairs of the Company;

(xx).

(Hostilities) hostilities not presently existing commence (whether war has been
declared or not) or a major escalation in existing hostilities occurs (whether war has
been declared or not) involving any one or more of Australia, New Zealand, the United
States of America, the United Kingdom any member state of the European Union,
Indonesia, Japan, Russia or the Peoples Republic of China, or a terrorist act is
perpetrated on any of those countries or any diplomatic or political establishment of
any of those countries elsewhere in the world, or a national emergency is declared by
any of those countries; or

(xxi).

(Adverse Change in Financial Markets) there occurs any material adverse change
or material adverse disruption to the political or economic conditions or financial
markets in Australia, the United Kingdom, the United States of America or the
international markets or any change of development involving a prospective change
in national or international political, financial or economic conditions.

