For personal use only

ASX Announcement

6 July 2020

CardieX Restructures inHeath Medical, Inc Investment and
signs Collaboration Agreement.
CardieX Limited (ASX: CDX, CardieX, the Company) is pleased to provide an update on the progress of
its investment in and partnership with inHealth Medical Inc (“inHealth”), including:
•

Appointment of new leadership roles;

•

New customers and partnerships, and importantly;

•

The signing of a new Collaboration Agreement and a re-setting of the investment
relationship between the companies;

•

A US$0.5m repayment in favour of CardieX of the US$3m Convertible Note reducing the
principal investment to US$2.5m

inHealth operates an online telehealth platform that provides clinically proven lifestyle therapeutics
programs and health coaching to patients from inHealth’s network of healthcare service providers in the
USA, including Anthem, one of the largest healthcare insurers in the country.
inHealth’s programs include diabetes prevention, chronic disease management, medical weight loss,
nutrition and corporate wellness solutions. In late 2018, CardieX invested US$250,000 for a 7.7% equity
stake and in 2019 made a further investment in two parts (1) US$3 million in a Convertible Note, which
on conversion would convert into 33.33%, and (2) an option to acquire existing shares or invest in new
shares to obtain a 50.5% shareholding, based on a multiple of 2020 revenue.
In 2019 and 2020 the inHealth business has developed significantly. The company has signed major
global corporations as partners and clients and has continued to grow its private practice,
Anthem/LiveHealth Online (LHO) partnership, and enterprise business revenues. Though the growth has
not been as strong as initially expected by CardieX at the time of investment, in 2020 revenues are
strongly up and the expectation is to end the calendar 2020 year on a run-rate of US$2 million pa. and
achieve break-even - principally driven by:
•

New enterprise clients, including Reshape Lifesciences (Bariatric devices) and GEMDC;

•

The significant growth in the US telehealth sector due to patient remote monitoring in the
current environment;

•

The scaling up of private practice partnerships; and

•

Moving to an exclusive relationship with LHO for provision of telehealth coaching solutions.

For personal use only

An important step forward has been the recent appointment of Harry Kim as CEO and Chairman. Harry
is an experienced telehealth, healthcare and technology leader with an extensive global track record
with Samsung, American Well, and Hewlett Packard.
Harry Kim and three new executive hires have significantly enhanced the management team, which
continues to include the inHealth co-founders, Aubrey Jenkins (President, Sales & Business
Development), Dr Michelle Alencar (Chief Science Officer), and Johnny Jenkins (COO).
Interest in US telehealth businesses is strong and it is believed that inHealth is well positioned to raise
new capital at significantly favourable valuations from US based investors and strategic parties, a process
the company has already commenced (the “2020 Capital Raising”).
At CardieX we believe the telehealth solutions that inHealth provides are an important part of the
“healthcare ecosystem” and that by partnering with inHealth, CardieX will be able to provide a fuller
solution to the market and have access to a new channel to market for CardieX’s devices and solutions.
This was the key strategic rationale for the initial investment and that continues to be the case with the
re-set of our investment relationship with inHealth and the entering into a new Collaboration Agreement
between the parties.
Over the last 18 months CardieX has made great progress towards putting in place the CardieX “Internet
of Medical Things” (IoMT), an ecosystem of connected medical devices and solutions connecting
patients, consumers and physicians all powered by our SphygmoCor® technology & Arty™ cloud
infrastructure.
Although we see inHealth’s clinically proven lifestyle therapeutics programs as being important add-on
solutions to our development plans, they are not necessarily core requirements for our “connected
device” strategy. Thus we believe we do not need to own a majority or 100% of inHealth, even though
having a successful partnership, access to technology/IP solutions, and a significant shareholding in a
leading US telehealth business is still strategically - and potentially, financially – valuable for us going
forward.
In addition interest in US telehealth businesses is strong and it is believed that inHealth is well positioned
to attract new capital at significantly advantageous valuations to our initial investment.
To that end, inHealth and CardieX management agreed that we needed to restructure the partnership
and investment in order to provide the best capital structure to facilitate new investment, while at the
same time also ensuring that management and founders are appropriately incentivized to drive growth
and the continued success of the business.

For personal use only

New Investment Terms and Collaboration Agreement with inHealth
For the above reasons Cardiex has re-negotiated its Convertible Note investment in inHealth as follows:
1. Maturity and Conversion Date extended from July 2020 to 1 July 2021;
2. Repayment of US$0.5m of the Convertible Note, reducing the balance from US$3m to US$2.5m;
3. A further US$1m may be repaid to CardieX from the new inHealth 2020 Capital Raising;
4. Conversion of Convertible note to be at the lower of a discount to a “Qualified Financing” or
US$9m (post-funding) valuation; and
5. The Option to move to 50.5% is exchanged for 1% of the fully diluted capital.
In addition to CardieX’s current 7.7% shareholding, the above would see CardieX potentially increase its
shareholding to between 8.7% and 37%, prior to new capital being raised.
Furthermore, CardieX and inHealth have agreed to enter into an ongoing Collaboration Agreement to
develop hypertension and cardiovascular programs for the products, solutions and markets addressed
by both parties.
These include the current inHealth/CardieX “Central Blood Pressure” research project “Telemedicine to
Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Randomised Clinical Trial” using CardieX’s ATCOR Medical
SphygmoCor® XCEL device, with Dr Jeremy McConnell MD in Florida, USA as the lead researcher. Under
the ongoing Collaboration Agreement it is expected that a number of other projects may be
undertaken on a commercial arms-length basis.
CardieX CEO Craig Cooper commented:
“Since we invested in inHealth, both CardieX and inHealth have developed significantly
to the point where we believe we can add more value going forward as partners rather
than us both being under the same holding company.
Importantly, we also needed to make sure we balanced the strategic and financial
value to CardieX as a shareholder in inHealth with the need to ensure the correct
capital structure and incentives that would allow inHealth to raise new capital.
The re-set of our investment relationship re-aligns our joint interests and is directed to
maximizing the commercial benefit to both parties in the long term – while still leaving
CardieX with a significant equity ownership in the company”.
Authorised for Release by Jarrod White, Director.
For more information please contact:
Investor Relations
Peter Taylor peter@nwrcommunications.com.au

For personal use only

About CardieX
CardieX is a global health technology company that develops digital and device-based solutions for large-scale
population health disorders. The Company’s SphygmoCor® XCEL device (developed & marketed by 100%
subsidiary ATCOR) is the world leader in measuring “central blood pressure” which is considered essential for the
management of hypertension and related cardiovascular disorders.
CardieX’s SphygmoCor® technology enables researchers and clinicians to measure non-invasive central blood
pressure (NcBP), the central arterial pressure waveform, central aortic pressures, and pulse wave velocity.
Central arterial pressure waveform analysis, as measured by the SphygmoCor® system, provides clinicians with
better prognostic and diagnostic information to target interventions—effects which cannot be detected with
standard brachial blood pressure measurement alone.
More than 4,000 SphygmoCor® systems are currently in use worldwide at major medical institutions, research
institutions, and in various clinical trials with leading pharmaceutical companies. Our technology is featured in
over 1,400 peer-reviewed publications in leading medical journals.
www.cardiex.com

