For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

Gage Roads Brewing Co
Limited is one of
Australia’s leading craft
breweries.
Since commencing
brewing operations in
2004, Gage Roads Brewing
Co Limited has been at the
forefront of the thriving
craft beer industry,
producing some of
Australia’s most popular
beer and cider brands
including Alby, Hello
Sunshine, Matso’s Broome
Brewery and the Gage
Roads range of craft beers.

Gage Roads Brewing Co’s
distribution extends across
Australia through its
national sales and
marketing team, Good
Drinks Australia,
providing its portfolio of
award-winning beer and
cider to Australia’s leading
retailers and hospitality
venues.

6 July 2020

GAGE ROADS
PLACEMENT

COMPLETES

$5.2

MILLION

INSTITUTIONAL

Gage Roads Brewing Co Ltd (“Gage Roads” or “The Company”) (ASX:
GRB) is pleased to announce that it has successfully completed a
bookbuild and received irrevocable commitments to raise $5.2 million at
an issue price of $0.052 per share (100,000,000 shares) (Institutional
Placement).
The Institutional Placement was very well supported by both existing and
new high-quality institutional investors.
The Institutional Placement will be applied towards strengthening the
balance sheet, positioning Good Drinks to capitalise on growth
opportunities and provide financial flexibility as the Company looks with
cautious optimism towards FY21 and COVID-19 recovery.
Managing Director John Hoedemaker was pleased with the confidence in
the business and the strategy:
“The strong support from the investment community is both indicative of
the success of the proprietary brand strategy as well as a vote of
confidence for the Company’s Good Drinks strategy that is designed to
deliver incremental earnings to all shareholders.
We would like to take the opportunity to thank our investors for their
ongoing support and welcome a number of new highly credentialed
institutional investors to our shareholder register.”
Institutional Placement
The Institutional Placement will comprise the issue of 100 million fully paid
ordinary shares (“New Shares”) at an issue price of $0.052 per New Share
to institutional and sophisticated investors, raising $5.2 million (before
costs).
The New Shares issued under the Institutional Placement will be issued
under the Company’s existing capacity under ASX Listing Rules 7.1. The
New Shares will rank equally with existing fully paid ordinary shares.
Settlement of the Institutional Placement is expected to be completed on
Tuesday, 14 July 2020.
Argonaut Securities Pty Ltd and Petra Capital Pty Limited acted as Joint
Lead Managers to the Institutional Placement.

Investor Presentation

For personal use only

Please refer to the attached Equity Raising Investor Presentation which
provides further details.
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Directors.
Further information:
Marcel Brandenburg
Company Secretary
Gage Roads Brewing Co Ltd
Tel: (08) 9314 0000

For personal use only

Equity Raising
Gage Roads Brewing Co Ltd (ASX: GRB)
July 2020
GRB is undertaking a proactive equity raising to provide
financial flexibility during the COVID-19 crisis and create a
stronger platform for future profitability, growth and longterm shareholder value
1

For personal use only

THE GOOD DRINKS STRATEGY

Become #1
independent
supplier to the
national beer
market

Brands that drive
sustained margin
growth

Maintain our lowcost, high quality,
flexible, largescale
manufacturing
advantage

Opportunities
• Untapped east coast market
• Access broader categories of the liquor market

5-year targets
• 20-25% own-brand growth per annum
• 65-70% gross profit target
• 25-30% EBITDA growth per annum

2

For personal use only

Executive Summary
 Faster than expected recovery of on-premise
trade coupled with competitor supply issues are
driving strong draught sales recovery
 Optus Stadium set to return to full capacity by
mid-July

July Update

 New debt facilities (announced 23 June 2020)
unlock additional $7.5m in funds and provide
further working capital to support growth trajectory
 San Miguel distribution partnership (announced 29
June 2020) offers Good Drinks additional scale
and access to the imported beer segment
 Enhanced national distribution and ranging of new
products to unlock additional sales for FY21
 Redfern venue complete and expected to open
August/September 2020

3

For personal use only

Executive Summary

Covid-19
Impact






Good
Drinks
Strategy on
track

Trading
Outlook

Strong recovery indicates COVID-19 impact
largely contained to FY20
FY20 EBITDA* expected to breakeven
H2 EBITDA* approximately $2.5m lower than preCOVID-19 expectation, due to loss of draught
sales, packaged sales unaffected
FY21 outlook positive, however latent COVID-19
uncertainty for H1







Growing national sales and marketing capability
Scale delivering operational efficiencies
Accessing broader categories of the liquor market
Accessing untapped east coast markets
Targeting an additional 10m litres of Good Drinks
brands



Sales team has remained active during COVID-19
generating positive sales momentum for FY21
Key trading partners aligned for growth
Strong distribution network and national ranging
locks in sales uplift for summer FY21




* Unaudited

4
4

For personal use only

Executive Summary




Equity
Raising


Use of funds






$5.2 million institutional placement
100 million shares at $0.052 per share
Offer price of $0.052 per share:
 8.8% discount to closing price1
 8.4% discount to 5-day VWAP1
Strengthen the balance sheet – prudent in light
of COVID uncertainty
Improve financial flexibility
Position Good Drinks to capitalise on growth
opportunities that align with its strategy
H2 FY20 cashflow snapshot




Net operating cash: reduced debtors, reduced
inventory, +$2.6m
Debt increased to fund Capex, +$4.0m
Capex: Packaging line upgrade & Venue, -$7.4m
Closing cash: $4.9m





Cash at bank $9.8m
Debt $10.2m
Undrawn debt facilities: $7.5m



Balance
Sheet and
Liquidity

1



Following completion of the equity raising:

As at close of trading 2 July 2020

5

For personal use only

EQUITY RAISING
PLACEMENT
Issue Price

M

USES OF FUNDS
$0.052

Cash^

$5.2

New Shares (millions)

100

Offer Costs

($0.3)

Proceeds (millions)

$5.2

Total Uses

$4.9

POST TRANSACTION
CAPITAL STRUCTURE

CURRENT

POST
TRANSACTION

1,140.5

1,240.5

-

3.8

Market Capitalisation

65.0

68.1

Cash Balance

4.9*

9.8

Trade finance drawn

4.5*

4.5

Senior finance drawn

5.8*

5.8

Enterprise Value

70.4

68.6

Shares on Issue
Anticipated issue of
employee incentive shares~

^ Funds may be applied towards a temporary reduction of re-drawable facilities
~ to eligible non-director employees

6

For personal use only

EQUITY RAISING
OFFER STRUCTURE & SIZE

• Institutional placement of 100 million fully paid ordinary shares (“New Shares”), at $0.052 per
New Share to raise up to approximately $5.2 million (before costs)

OFFER PRICING

• Offer price of $0.052 per share, representing a:
o Discount of 8.8% to last closing price1 of $0.0570 per share; and
o Discount of 8.4% to the 5 day VWAP1 of $0.0568 per share

USE OF PROCEEDS

• Strengthen the balance sheet and improve financial flexibility
• Position Good Drinks to capitalise on growth opportunities that align with its strategy

JOINT LEAD MANAGERS AND
BOOKRUNNERS

• Argonaut Securities Pty Ltd and Petra Capital Pty Ltd

ELIGIBLE INVESTORS

• Domestic and international institutions and other eligible investors without a disclosure document

NEW SHARES

• New Shares to rank pari passu from issue with existing shares (ASX:GRB)
• Issued under the Company’s available placement capacity under ASX Listing Rule 7.1.
1

As at close of trading 2 July 2020

7

For personal use only

INDICATIVE TIMETABLE

KEY EVENT

INDICATIVE DATE (AWST TIME)

Trading Halt

Thursday, 2 July 2020

Announcement of the results of the Placement on ASX

Pre-Open, Monday, 6 July 2020

Anticipated Placement Settlement Date

Monday, 13 July 2020

Anticipated Placement Allotment Date

Tuesday, 14 July 2020

Timetable is indicative only and is subject to change by GRB, subject to the ASX Listing Rules and Corporations Act

8

For personal use only

APPENDIX: INTERNATIONAL OFFER RESTRICTION
This document does not constitute an offer of New Shares of the Company in any jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful. In particular, this document may not be distributed to any person, and the New Shares may not be
offered or sold, in any country outside Australia except to the extent permitted below.
European Economic Area - Germany and Luxembourg: This document has been prepared on the basis that all offers of New Shares will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Directive 2003/71/EC ("Prospectus
Directive"), as amended and implemented in Member States of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant Member State"), from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of securities.
An offer to the public of New Shares has not been made, and may not be made, in a Relevant Member State except pursuant to one of the following exemptions under the Prospectus Directive as implemented in the Relevant
Member State:
to any legal entity that is authorized or regulated to operate in the financial markets or whose main business is to invest in financial instruments unless such entity has requested to be treated as a non-professional client in
accordance with the EU Markets in Financial InstrumentsDirective (Directive 2014/6X/EC, "MiFID II") and the MiFID II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/X6X;
to any legal entity that satisfies two of the following three criteria: (i) balance sheet total of at least €20,000,000; (ii) annual net turnover of at least €40,000,000 and (iii) own funds of at least €2,000,000 (as shown on its last annual
unconsolidated or consolidated financial statements) unless such entity hasrequested to be treated as a non-professional client in accordance with MiFID II and the MiFID II Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/X6X;
to any person or entity who has requested to be treated as a professional client in accordance with MiFID II; or
to any person or entity who is recognised as an eligible counterparty in accordance with Article 30 of the MiFID II unless such entity has requested to be treated as a non-professional client in accordance with the MiFID II
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/X6X.
New Zealand: This document has not been registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority under the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (the "FMC Act"). The New Shares are not being offered to the
public within New Zealand other than to existing shareholders of the Company with registered addresse s in New Zealand to whom the offer of these securities is being made in reliance on the FMC Act and the Financial Markets
Conduct (Incidental Offers) Exemption Notice 2016.
Other than in the entitlement offer, the New Shares may only be offered or sold in New Zealand (or allotted with a view to being offered for sale in New Zealand) to a person who:

is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;

meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;

is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;

is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or

is an eligible investor within the meaning of clause 41 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.
Singapore: This document and any other materials relating to the New Shares have not been, and will not be, lodged or registered as a prospectus in Singapore with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this
document and any other document or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of New Shares may not be issued, circulated or distributed, nor may these securities be offered or sold,
or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore except pursuant to and in accordance with exemptions in Subdivision (4) Division 1, Part XIII of the
Securities and FuturesAct, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"), or asotherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA.
This document has been given to you on the basis that you are an existing holder of the Company's shares. In the event that you are not such a shareholder, please return this document immediately. You may not forward or
circulate this document to any other person in Singapore.
Any offer is not made to you with a view to the New Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. There are on-sale restrictions in Singapore that may be applicable to investors who acquire New Shares. As such,
investors are advised to acquaint themselves with the SFA provisionsrelating to resale restrictions in Singapore and comply accordingly.

9

For personal use only

APPENDIX: INTERNATIONAL OFFER RESTRICTION
Sw itzerland: The New Shares may not be publicly offered in Sw itzerland and w ill not be listed on the SIX Sw iss Exchange ("SIX") or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in
Sw itzerland. This document has been prepared w ithout regard to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 6X2a or art. 11X6 of the Sw iss Code of Obligations or the disclosure
standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange or regulated trading facility in Sw itzerland. Neither this document nor any other
offering or marketing material relating to the New Shares may be publicly distributed or otherw ise made publicly available in Sw itzerland.
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing mater ial relating to the New Shares have been or w ill be filed w ith or approved by any Sw iss regulatory authority. In particular, this document w ill
not be filed w ith, and the offer of Securities w ill not be supervised by, the Sw iss Financ ial Market Supervisory Author ity ( FINMA). This document is personal to the recipient only and not for general
circulation in Sw itzerland.
Hong Kong: WA RNING: This document has not been, and w ill not be, registered as a prospectus under the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provis ions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong, nor
has it been authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. X71) of the Laws of Hong Kong (the "SFO"). No action has been
taken in Hong Kong to author ise or register this document or to per mit the distribution of this document or any documents issued in connection w ith it. Accordingly, the New Shares have not been and w ill
not be offered or sold in Hong Kong other than to "professional investors" (as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance).
No advertisement, invitation or document relating to the New Shares has been or w ill be issued, or has been or w ill be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue, in Hong Kong or elsew here
that is directed at, or the contents of w hich are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if per mitted to do so under the securities law s of Hong Kong) other than w ith respect to New
Shares that are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outs ide Hong Kong or only to professional investors. No person allotted New Shares may sell, or offer to sell, such securities in
circumstances that amount to an offer to the public in Hong Kong w ithin six months follow ing the date of issue of such securities.
The contents of this document have not been review ed by any Hong Kong regulatory author ity. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in doubt about any contents of this
document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
United Kingdom : Neither the infor mation in this document nor any other document relating to the offer has been delivered for approval to the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom and no
prospectus (w ithin the meaning of section 8X of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA")) has been published or is intended to be published in respect of the New Shares. This
document is issued on a confidential basis to few er than 1X0 persons (other than "qualified investors" (w ithin the meaning of section 86(7) of FSMA)) in the United Kingdom, and the New Shares may not
be offered or sold in the United Kingdom by means of this document, any accompanying letter or any other document, except in circumstances w hich do not require the publication of a prospectus pursuant
to section 86(1) FSMA. This document should not be distributed, published or reproduced, in w hole or in part, nor may its contents be disclosed by recipients to any other person in the United Kingdom.
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (w ithin the meaning of section 21 FSMA) received in connection w ith the issue or sale of the New Shares has only been communicated or
caused to be communicated and w ill only be communicated or caused to be communicated in the United Kingdom in circumstances in w hich section 21(1) FSMA does not apply to the Company.
In the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed at, persons (i) w ho fall w ithin Article 43 (members or creditors of certain bodies corporate) of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 ( Financial Promotions) Order 200X, as amended, or ( ii) to w hom it may otherw ise be lawfully communicated (together "relevant persons"). The investment to w hich this document relates
is available only to, and any invitation, offer agreement to purchase w ill be engaged in only w ith, relevant persons. Any person w ho is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of
its contents.

10

For personal use only

APPENDIX: KEY RISKS
Introduction
The Shares offered under this Equity Raising Investor Presentation are considered highly speculative. An investment in the Company is not risk free and the Directors strongly recommend potential investors to consider the risk factors
described below, together with information contained elsewhere in this Equity Raising Investor Presentation and to consult their professional advisers before deciding whether to apply for Shares pursuant to this Equity Raising Investor
Presentation.
There are specific risks which relate directly to the Company’s business. In addition, there are other general risks, many of which are largely beyond the control of the Company and the Directors. The risks identified in this section, or other
risk factors, may have a material impact on the financial performance of the Company and the market price of the Shares.
The following is not intended to be an exhaustive list of the risk factors to which the Company is exposed.
Company specific
Potential for significant dilution
Upon implementation of the Offer, the number of Shares in the Company will increase from 1,140.5 million currently on issue to 1,240.5 million. This means that each Share will represent a lower proportion of the ownership of the Company.
It is not possible to predict what the value of the Company or a Share will be following the completion of the Offer being implemented and the Directors do not make any representation as to such matters.
Industry specific
Demand
The Company operates within the consumer goods sector in which demand for its products is subject to changes in consumer preferences and tastes. The nature of the business is such that its revenues are not secured and may fluctuate
significantly over time. Any significant decrease in demand, and accordingly in sales volumes, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the profitability of the Company.
Competition
The Company competes with a wide range of participants in the brewing industry. There can be no assurance that the actions or competitors or changes in consumer preferences will not adversely affect the Company’s performance. It is
also possible that new competitors will enter the brewing (particularly in the premium brewing segment where there have been a number of recent new entrants) and thisalso may adversely affect the Company’s performance.
Acquisitions, Joint Ventures and Shareholder Dilution
The Company may asse ss strategic acquisitions and joint ventures as one of its growth strategies. The Company may pursue strategic acquisitions of businesse s that complement its existing business. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to successfully identify and implement such opportunities, acquire or integrate such businesses.
The consideration payable in respect of any such acquisition may consist wholly or partly of new Shares issued to the vendors, in which case the shareholdings of existing Shareholders will be diluted. Further, the Company may seek to
raise additional capital, in order to fund acquisitions, or for other purposes, by new issues of Shares. This would also have the effect of diluting the shareholdings of existing Shareholders. The Company may also elect to fund acquisitions
using existing or new bankfacilities. The Directorswill adopt prudent financial practicesin assessing the appropriate funding mix.
Intellectual Property
The Company’s commercial success depends in part on its ability to protect its intellectual property assets. The commercial value of these asset s is dependent on legal protections provided by a combination of copyright, patent,
confidentiality, trade mark, trade secrecy laws and other intellectual property rights. These legal mechanisms, however, do not guarantee that the intellectual property will be protected or that the Company’s competitive position will be
maintained. No assurance can be given that employees or third parties will not breach confidentiality agreements, infringe or misappropriate the Company’s intellectual property or that competitors will not be able to produce non-infringing
competitive products.
It is possible that third parties may assert intellectual property infringement, unfair competition or like claims against the Company under copyright, trade secret, patent or other laws. While the Company is not aware of any claims of this
nature in relation to any of the intellectual property rights in which it has interests, such claims, if made, may harm, directly or indirectly, the Company’s business. If the Company is forced to defend claims of intellectual property infringement,
whether they are with or without merit or are determined in the Company’s favour, the costs of such litigation will be potentially significant and may divert management’s attention from normal commercial operations.
Brand Factors
The Company’s products and services are sold under a number of brands. The Company’s brands and its image are key asset s to the Company. Should the brand or image be damaged in any way or lose its market appeal, the Company’s
business could be adversely impacted.

11

For personal use only

APPENDIX: KEY RISKS
Dam age to facilities and w arehouses
The Company owns or leases production, bottling and packaging facilities and warehouses. Damage to or destruction of these facilities could result in the loss of production capability or the loss of stock, adversely impacting the
Company’s financial results. It cannot be certain that the financial impact of any such event w ould be mitigated, fully or partially, by insurance.
Adverse change in input costs
The Company’s financial performance is subject to a variety of input costs, whic h may change beyond the Company’s control. This includes changes in the pricing of raw materials including malt, hops, bottles and packaging,
fluctuations to changes in exchange rates relating to materials purchased in foreign markets and changes in and changes in utility costs such as electricity, gas and waste water services.
General Risks
Econom ic
General economic conditions, movements in interest and inflation rates and currency exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the Company’s exploration, development and production activities, as well as on its ability to fund
those activities.
Market conditions
Share market conditions may affect the value of the Company’s quoted securities regardless of the Company’s operating performance. Share market conditions are affected by many factors such as:

general economic outlook;

introduction of tax reformor other new legislation;

interest rates and inflation rates;

changes in investor sentiment tow ard particular market sectors;

the demand for, and supply of, capital; and

terrorismor other hostilities.
The market price of securities can fall as well as rise and may be subject to varied and unpredictable influences on the market for equities in general and resource exploration stocks in partic ular. Neither the Company nor the
Directors w arrant the future performance of the Company or any return on an investment in the Company.
Additional requirements for capital
The Company’s capital requirements depend on numerous factors. Depending on the Company’s ability to generate income from its operations, the Company may require further financing in addition to amounts raised under the
Offer. Any additional equity financing w ill dilute shareholdings, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictions on financing and operating activities. If the Company is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be
required to reduce the scope of its operations. There is how ever no guarantee that the Company w ill be able to secure any additional funding or be able to secure funding on terms favourable to the Company.
Dividends
Any future determination as to the payment of dividends by the Company w ill be at the discretion of the Directors and will depend on the financial condition of the Company, future capital requirements and general business and other
factors considered relevant by the Directors. No assurance in relation to the payment of dividends or franking credits attaching to dividends can be given by the Company.
Taxation
The acquisition and disposal of Shares will have tax consequences, whichw ill differ depending on the individual financial affairs of each investor. All potential investors in the Company are urged to obtain independent financial advice
about the consequences of acquiring Shares froma taxation view point and generally.
To the maximum extent permitted by law , the Company, its officers and each of their respectiv e advisors accept no liability and responsibility w ith respect to the taxation consequences of subscribing for Shares under this Equity
Raising Investor Presentation.
Reliance on key personnel
The responsibility of overseeing the day-to-day operations and the strategic management of the Company depends substantially on its senior management and its key personnel. There can be no assurance given that there will be no
detrimental impact on the Company if one or more of these employees cease their employment.
Speculative investment
The above list of ris k factors ought not to be taken as exhaustive of the ris ks faced by the Company or by investors in the Company. The above factors, and others not specif ically referred to above, may in the future materially affect
the financial performance of the Company and the value of the Shares offered under this Equity Raising Investor Presentation.
Therefore, the Shares to be issued pursuant to this Equity Raising Investor Presentation carry no guarantee w ith respectto the payment of dividends, returns of capital or the market value of those Shares.
Potential investors should consider that the investment in the Company is speculative and should consult their professional advisers before deciding w hether to apply for Shares pursuant to this Equity Raising Investor Presentation.

12

For personal use only

IMPORTANT NOTICES
Forw ard-Looking Statements
This document contains statements that are "forw ard-looking". Generally, the w ords "expect," "intend," "estimate," "w ill" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. By their very nature,
forward-looking statements are subject to know n and unknow n risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, perfor mance or achievements, or that of our industry, to differ materially from those
expressed or implied in any of our forw ard-looking statements.
Statements in this document regarding Gage Roads Brew ing Company Limited’s (the "Company") business or proposed business, w hich are not historical facts, are "forw ard-looking" statements that
involve risks and uncertainties, such as estimates and statements that describe the Company's future plans, objectives or goals, including w ords to the effect that the Company or management expects a
stated condition or result to occur. Since forw ard-looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature, they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results in each case
could differ mater ially from those currently anticipated in such statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forw ard-looking statements, w hich speak only as of the date they are
made.
The Company does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to any “forw ard looking statement” to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this presentation or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities law s.
Disclaimer
The purpose of this presentation is to provide background infor mation to assist in obtaining a general understanding of the Company's proposals and objectives. This presentation may contain some
references to forecasts, estimates, assumptions and other forw ard looking statements. Although the Company believes that its expectations, estimates and forecast outcomes are based on reasonable
assumptions, it can give no assurance that they w ill be achieved. They may be affected by a variety of variables and changes in underly ing assumptions that are subject to ris k factors associated w ith the
nature of the business, w hich could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed herein. This presentation is not to be considered as a recommendation by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, directors, officers, affiliates, associates or representatives that any person invest in its securities. It does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation and particular needs
of each potential investor. Investors should make and rely upon their ow n enquires and assessments before deciding to acquire or deal in the Company’s securities. If you are unclear in relation to any
matter or you have any questions, you should seek advice from an accountant or financial adviser.
All references to dollars ($) and cents in this presentation are to Australian Dollar, unless otherw ise stated.
This document does not constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction in w hich it w ould be unlawful. In particular, this document may not be distributed to any person, and securities may not be offered
or sold, in the United States or any country outside Australia except to the extent permitted under the section captioned “International Offer Restrictions”.

13

14

For personal use only

