For personal use only

ASX RELEASE: 6 July 2020

Share Placement to Strategic Investor
Highlights
Ø Jadar secures strategic investment partner
Ø Hong Kong Private investment fund which specialises in funding undervalued Resource Companies.
Jadar Resources Limited (ASX:JDR) (“Jadar”, the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it has received a firm
commitment from Valens International Pty Ltd (Valens), a Hong Kong based private investment fund
specializing in investing in global mining projects, to subscribe for 41,666,666 fully paid ordinary shares (Shares)
in the Company at an issue price of $0.012 per Share to raise gross proceeds of $500,000 (Placement).
Valens and its director, Mr. Navinderjeet Singh (Navin Sidhu), have invested and supported multiple ASX listed
companies, including many small caps, via fund raising, underwriting and convertible notes.
This is a strategic investment in the Company with Valens bringing their expertise gained from investing in
resource companies and more specifically in undervalued gold and silver projects. The investment by Valens
opens up various opportunities for the Company with respect to future funding possibilities, including the
potential for project financing that could involve the streaming of a portion of Jadar’s current precious metals
resource. Such financing options can have the effect of reducing unnecessary dilution for existing holders and
enhancing shareholder value by unlocking the in-ground value of a company’s resource prior to mining.
The investment by Valens highlights their commitment and ensures their goals are aligned with those of the
Company and its shareholders.
Net proceeds from the Placement will primarily be used to continue exploration activities over the Company’s
existing projects, specifically further exploratory drilling at the Yanamina Gold Project, and for general working
capital purposes.
The Placement Shares will be issued in a single tranche using the Company’s existing capacity under ASX Listing
Rule 7.1 and will not require shareholder approval.
ENDS
For further information, please contact:
Luke Martino
Non-Executive Chairman
Tel: +61 8 6489 0600
E: luke@jadar.com.au
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Jadar Resources Limited.

Jadar Resources Limited

311-313 Hay Street Subiaco, Western Australia 6008
T:+61 (0) 8 6489 0600
F: +61 (0) 8 9388 3701
www.jadar.com.au

For personal use only

Disclaimer
Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s)”, “feel(s)”,
“believe(s)”, “will”, “may”, “anticipate(s)”, “potential(s)”and similar expressions are intended to identify forwardlooking statements. These statements include, but are not limited to statements regarding future production,
resources or reserves and exploration results. All of such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties,
many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of the Company, that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) those relating to the interpretation of
drill results, the geology, grade and continuity of mineral deposits and conclusions of economic evaluations, (ii) risks
relating to possible variations in reserves, grade, planned mining dilution and ore loss, or recovery rates and changes
in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, (iii) the potential for delays in exploration or development
activities or the completion of feasibility studies, (iv) risks related to commodity price and foreign exchange rate
fluctuations, (v) risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or
delays in obtaining governmental approvals or in the completion of development or construction activities, and (vi)
other risks and uncertainties related to the Company’s prospects, properties and business strategy. Our audience is
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof,
and we do not undertake any obligation to revise and disseminate forward- looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date hereof, or to reflect the occurrence of or non- occurrence of any events.

Jadar Resources Limited

311-313 Hay Street Subiaco, Western Australia 6008
T:+61 (0) 8 6489 0600
F: +61 (0) 8 9388 3701
www.jadar.com.au

