For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT

6 July 2020

High-grade rock chip results of up to 12.9g/t
enhance prospectivity of Skywell Project
Five samples return gold grades of between 1.8g/t Au and 12.9 g/t Au from quartz veins crosscutting the grabbro intrusion within the Mallina Formation

Highlights
• High-grade gold anomaly identified at the Skywell Project following an initial mapping and rock
chip sampling program.
• Five samples collected along 130m of outcropping quartz veins returned gold grades of up to
12.9g/t Au.
• Skywell is located just 50km south of Whim Creek with well-established access tracks.
• Kairos is targeting intrusive-related gold potential at Skywell, similar to the Hemi discovery
located 60km along strike to the north-east.
• Further mapping, rock chip, and soil sampling programs will be undertaken to define the extent
of the gold mineralisation.
• An extensive airborne magnetic and radiometric survey comprising 2,146 lines for 13,920km
has been completed across Kairos’ Pilbara Gold Project, with data processing now underway.

Figure 1: Kairos’ Pilbara Gold Project With Regional Geology.

For personal use only

Kairos’ Executive Chairman, Terry Topping, said: “Our 2020 exploration field season is off to a great start, with
our very first program of vehicle and helicopter-supported mapping and sampling at Skywell delivering some
impressive gold grades from rock chips. These results are particularly significant given they were generated from
reconnaissance rock chip sampling targeting a 130m long zone of outcropping quartz veins. “
The presence of gold grades at these levels has defined a significant high-grade gold anomaly which clearly
warrants follow-up. Gold can often occur in quartz veins on the margins of the sort of big intrusive-features we
are targeting for potential Hemi-style discoveries, so this increases our confidence in the scale and potential of
the opportunity here.
“We are currently about halfway through an ultrafine soil sampling program at the Kangan Project and, once the
team is finished there, we will relocate them to Skywell to undertake systematic soil sampling to help define drill
targets. Our multi-pronged exploration program is also advancing on other fronts, with the extensive airborne
magnetic and radiometric survey over the broader Pilbara Gold Project now complete and data processing
underway. We have also appointed a contractor to upgrade access to the Fuego gold target and we are in the
process of finalising contractor selection for the upcoming drill program at Mt York and, following that, Fuego.”

Kairos Minerals Ltd (ASX: KAI; “Kairos” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise that it has made a strong start
to its exploration field season at the 100%-owned Pilbara Gold Project in WA, with an initial program of rock
chip sampling at the Skywell Project returning high-grade assay results, including a standout assay result of
12.9 g/t Au from a quartz vein in a gabbro unit of the Sisters Supersuit intrusion.
Skywell Rock Chip Sampling and Mapping Program
Kairos recently completed an initial vehicle and helicopter-supported field trip to the Skywell Project in the
Pilbara region (see Figure 1).
A total of 23 rock chip samples were collected and submitted to Intertek Laboratory in Perth for gold and
multi-element analysis. This initial fieldwork was conducted to map and sample the prospective lithologies of
the Sisters Supersuit intrusion, as well as to assess access tracks.
See Figure 2 below for the location of the samples.

A total of seven rock chip samples returned anomalous gold from a quartz vein cross-cutting a gabbro unit
that is mapped as a mafic phase of the Sisters Supersuit intrusion. This gabbro intrudes as a sheet up to 700m
thick near the base of the Mallina Formation (Geology of the Mount Wohler 1:100 000 sheet – Smithies 1998).
A major structural event took place after the intrusion, resulting in the development of synclines distinctively
observable by the folded dark gabbro. The vein is 1 to 3 metres wide and has been sampled over a strike length
of 130 metres. It presents ferruginous alteration and strikes N025. Further sampling and mapping are
required to define the extent of the gold mineralisation.
Five rock chip samples returned elevated gold results above 1,000ppb gold (1g/t Au), up to a peak of 12,954
ppb gold (12.9 g/t Au), including:
SWR008 – 4.1 g/t Au
SWR011 – 1.8 g/t Au
SWR013 – 2.3 g/t Au
SWR014 – 12.9 g/t Au
SWR015 – 2.9 g/t Au

For personal use only

Figure 2: Skywell Project and Rock chip samples location, over the 1;500k GSWA Geology.

Figure 3: Aerial photo of the gabbro intrusion.

Figure 4: Photo of the quartz vein within the
gabbro unit.

Next Steps
•

Soil sampling and mapping utilising the CSIRO Ultrafine+ techniques currently underway at the
Kangan Project.

•
•

For personal use only

•
•

A soils and rock chip sampling program has been designed to follow up on the rock chip sample
results at Skywell Project – planned to commence following completion of the current program
at Kangan.
Processing the Results from recently completed aeromagnetic surveys across the Pilbara Gold
Project.
Earthworks for track access and drilling at Mt York and Fuego (contractor appointed and work
scheduled to commence mid July).
Drill planning and contractor selection for Mount York and Fuego underway.

About Kairos Minerals
Kairos Minerals (ASX: KAI) is a diversified West Australian-based exploration company which is focused
on the exploration and development of two key project hubs located in WA’s premier mining districts.
The Company’s 100%-owned Pilbara Gold-Project has its central “hub” located ~100km south of Port
Hedland in the world-class Pilgangoora district immediately adjacent to the major lithium-tantalum
projects owned by Pilbara Minerals and Altura Mining, which are both currently in production.
Since acquiring the project in early 2016, Kairos has established a JORC Indicated 8.56Mt at 1.3 g/t for
366,000oz and Inferred 12.36Mt at 1.28 g/t for 507,000oz for a Total Mineral Resource of 20.93Mt @ 1.3g/t
Au for 873,000oz (ASX announcement, 4 March 2020). The Project encompasses the historical Lynas Find
gold project, which produced over 125,000oz of gold between 1994 and 1998.
Kairos’s 100%-owned Roe Hills Project, located 120km east of Kalgoorlie in WA’s Eastern Goldfields,
comprises an extensive tenement portfolio where the Company’s recent exploration work has confirmed
the potential for significant discoveries of high-grade gold, nickel and cobalt mineralisation. Kairos’ tenure
adjoins the emerging Lake Roe gold discovery, owned by Breaker Resources (ASX: BRB).
In the Pilbara, Kairos also holds 1,547 square kilometres of tenure (granted and applications) which is
highly prospective for gold discoveries.
Kairos has been well recognised for its industry leading technical team that includes its Chairman Terry
Topping (Taipan Resources NL, Cauldron Energy Ltd), Technical Director Neil Hutchison (Poseidon Nickel,
Jubilee Mines) and consulting specialists.

With the authority of the Board.
For further information, please contact:
Investors:
Mr Terry Topping
Executive Chairman
Kairos Minerals Limited

Media:
Nicholas Read/Paul Armstrong
Read Corporate
Ph: 08 9388 1474

COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT:
Competent Person: The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results or Mineral Resources is based on information
compiled and reviewed by Mr Terry Topping, who is a Director of Kairos Minerals Ltd and who is also a Member of AusIMM. Mr
Topping has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposits under consideration and to
the activity which they are undertaking to qualify as Competent Persons as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code
for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.’ (the JORC Code 2012). Mr Topping has consented to
the inclusion in the report of the matters based on their information in the form and context in which it appears.
The Australian Securities Exchange has not reviewed and does not accept responsibility for the accuracy or adequacy of this
release.

Appendix 1 – Kairos Minerals – Croyden Project

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
JORC Code explanation

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard measurement
tools appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc).
These examples should not be taken as
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any measurement
tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation
that are Material to the Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has
been done this would be relatively simple (eg
‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain
1 m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised
to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In
other cases more explanation may be
required, such as where there is coarse gold
that has inherent sampling problems.
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types
(eg submarine nodules) may warrant
disclosure of detailed information.
• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, openhole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka,
sonic, etc) and details (eg core diameter,
triple or standard tube, depth of diamond
tails, face-sampling bit or other type, whether
core is oriented and if so, by what method,
etc).
• Method of recording and assessing core and
chip sample recoveries and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample
recovery and ensure representative nature of
the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and whether
sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
• Whether core and chip samples have been
geologically and geotechnically logged to a
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative
in nature. Core (or costean, channel, etc)
photography.
• The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged.
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether
quarter, half or all core taken.

For personal use only

Criteria

Drilling
techniques

Drill sample
recovery

Logging

Sub-sampling
techniques and

Commentary
•

Rock chip samples are collected as
approximately 1kg samples from outcrop
and areas of interest

•

No drilling has been undertaken.

•

No drilling has been undertaken.

•

The gold found is only qualitative and
must be interpreted in combination with
geological mapping of the target area based
on a prospective geological unit being
mapped in the vicinity.
The information collected about rock
samples includes general geological
observations, location and rock type.

•

•

The proximity of the gold near the
prospective geological units is a positive

JORC Code explanation

sample
preparation

• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled,
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or
dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation
technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling
is representative of the in situ material
collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the
grain size of the material being sampled.
• The nature, quality and appropriateness of
the assaying and laboratory procedures used
and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
parameters used in determining the analysis
including instrument make and model,
reading times, calibrations factors applied
and their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted
(eg standards, blanks, duplicates, external
laboratory checks) and whether acceptable
levels of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and
precision have been established.

For personal use only

Criteria

Quality of assay
data and
laboratory tests

Verification of
sampling and
assaying

Location of data
points

Data spacing
and distribution

• The verification of significant intersections by
either independent or alternative company
personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry
procedures, data verification, data storage
(physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and other
locations used in Mineral Resource
estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration
Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is
sufficient to establish the degree of geological
and grade continuity appropriate for the
Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been
applied.

Commentary

•

indication the prospective units is the
source of the gold.
Rock chip samples are prepared and
analysed by independent certified
laboratory, Intertek Genalysis laboratories
in Perth. Rock chip samples are dried,
crushed and pulverised to 95% passing
75um prior to gold and multi-element
analysis by AR25/MS and FA25/OE.

•

The rock chip samples are submitted to
independent certified laboratory, Intertek
Genalysis in Perth for sample preparation
and analysis for gold and multi-element
analysis by AR25/MS and FA25/OE.

•

AR_25: Aqua-Regia digest. Analysed by
Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass
Spectrometry.

•

Repeats – FA25/OE for high-grade rock
chips.

•

For this stage of exploration, no Standards
and Duplicates were added in the field to
the samples batches. Additional standards,
blanks and duplicates have been used by
the laboratory for QAQC.
Due to the early stage of exploration and
type of work completed to date, no
verification nor assaying has been
undertaken to date.
Sampling data is collected and collated by
Kairos Geologists and entered into an
electronic database

•

•

•
•
•

•

Sample collected were surveyed by GPS
with an accuracy of +/- 5m.
All samples are in MGA94 Zone 50
(GDA94).
There is no historic drill hole in the area.

Due to the early stage of exploration and
type of work completed to date, the
sampling is non-systematic nor
representative for any future resource
estimate.

JORC Code explanation

Orientation of
data in relation
to geological
structure

• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves
unbiased sampling of possible structures and
the extent to which this is known, considering
the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised structures is considered to have
introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material.
• The measures taken to ensure sample
security.

•

The rock chips sampling is undertaken
across the prospective geological units and
structures within the project area.

•

• The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data.

•

All samples were collected in the field at
the project site by Kairos personnel.
.
No audits have been completed

For personal use only

Criteria

Sample security
Audits or reviews

Commentary

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
JORC Code explanation

Mineral
tenement
and land
tenure
status

• Type, reference
name/number, location and
ownership including
agreements or material issues
with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships,
overriding royalties, native
title interests, historical sites,
wilderness or national park
and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held
at the time of reporting along
with any known impediments
to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.

For personal use only

Criteria

Exploration • Acknowledgment and
appraisal of exploration by
done by
other parties.
other parties

Commentary
•
•
•

Kairos Minerals owns the Tenements 100%
The mapping and rock chip sampling program were conducted in
the Pilbara Gold Project Exploration 47/3519 to 47/3521.
The Tenements have been granted

•

Minimum past work has been carried out by other parties. West
Coast Holdings conducted trenching within the project area with no
further work carried out.

Geology

• Deposit type, geological
setting and style of
mineralisation.

•

The targets are hydrothermal mineralisation, intrusion-related gold
system, and sediment-hosted gold mineralisation.

Drill hole
Information

• A summary of all information
material to the understanding
of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the
following information for all
Material drill holes:
o easting and northing of the
drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced
Level – elevation above
sea level in metres) of the
drill hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the
hole
o down hole length and
interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this
information is justified on the
basis that the information is
not Material and this
exclusion does not detract
from the understanding of the
report, the Competent Person
should clearly explain why
this is the case.

•

No drilling was completed.

JORC Code explanation

Data
aggregation
methods

• In reporting Exploration
Results, weighting averaging
techniques, maximum and/or
minimum grade truncations
(eg cutting of high grades)
and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be
stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts
incorporate short lengths of
high grade results and longer
lengths of low grade results,
the procedure used for such
aggregation should be stated
and some typical examples of
such aggregations should be
shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for
any reporting of metal
equivalent values should be
clearly stated.
• These relationships are
particularly important in the
reporting of Exploration
Results.
• If the geometry of the
mineralisation with respect to
the drill hole angle is known,
its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the
down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a
clear statement to this effect
(eg ‘down hole length, true
width not known’).
• Appropriate maps and
sections (with scales) and
tabulations of intercepts
should be included for any
significant discovery being
reported These should
include, but not be limited to a
plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate
sectional views.
• Where comprehensive
reporting of all Exploration
Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of
both low and high grades
and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading
reporting of Exploration
Results.
• Other exploration data, if
meaningful and material,
should be reported including

For personal use only

Criteria

Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept
lengths

Diagrams

Balanced
reporting

Other
substanive

Commentary
•

Due to the early stage of exploration and type of work
completed to date, no data aggregation has been undertaken.

•

No drilling was completed.

•

Suitable summary plans have been included in the body of the
report.

•

All relevant results have been reported

•

All relevant and meaningful data has been reported.

Criteria

For personal use only

exploration
data

Further
work

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

(but not limited to): geological
observations; geophysical
survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples
– size and method of
treatment; metallurgical test
results; bulk density,
groundwater, geotechnical
and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or
contaminating substances.

• The nature and scale of
planned further work (eg tests
for lateral extensions or depth
extensions or large-scale
step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting
the areas of possible
extensions, including the
main geological
interpretations and future
drilling areas, provided this
information is not
commercially sensitive.

• Further mapping, geochemistry and rock chip sampling
is planned
• Refer to diagrams in the body of the release

