For personal use only

For personal use only

Signed for and on behalf of WAM Active Limited by:

For personal use only

This is an important document and requires your immediate attention.
If you are in any doubt as to how to deal with it, you should consult
your financial or other professional advisor.

Replacement Bidder’s
Statement
Accept the UNCONDITIONAL cash offer
To acquire all of your ordinary shares in

Keybridge Capital Limited (ASX: KBC)
(ACN 088 267 190)

By

WAM Active Limited (ASX: WAA)
(ACN 126 420 719)

Offer price of

6.9 cents cash per KBC Share
If you have any queries about the Offer, please call Wilson Asset Management's Chief Financial Officer Jesse Hamilton
on 0401 944 807 or Head of Operations Martyn McCathie on 0433 312 630.
TO ACCEPT THE OFFER, complete and mail the Acceptance Form using the enclosed reply-paid envelope.
The Offer is dated [insert] and will expire at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on [insert] (unless withdrawn or extended). ASIC
takes no responsibility for this Bidder’s Statement.

Important Information

For personal use only

Key Dates
EVENT

DATE

Date of Original Bidder's Statement

28 April 2020

Date of Replacement Bidder’s Statement

6 July 2020

Dispatch of Replacement Bidder’s Statement and Offer opens (date of Offer)

[insert]

Close of Offer*

[insert]

*

This date is indicative only and may be changed as permitted by the Corporations Act.

Replacement Bidder's Statement and Offer
This is a replacement Bidder's Statement dated 6 July 2020
(Bidder’s Statement or Replacement Bidder’s Statement), which
replaces the original Bidder’s Statement dated 28 April 2020
(Original Bidder’s Statement), as amended by the supplementary
bidder’s statement dated 6 July 2020, given by WAM Active Limited
(WAM Active) to Keybridge Capital Limited (KBC) and each holder
of KBC Shares under Part 6.5 of Chapter 6 of the Corporations Act.
This Replacement Bidder's Statement was approved by a
unanimous resolution of the board of WAM Active. It includes an
Offer dated [insert date] to acquire all fully paid ordinary shares in
KBC (KBC Shares). The Offer made under this Replacement
Bidder’s Statement is on the same terms as or no less favourable
than the Offer set out in the Original Bidder’s Statement. Minor
amendments to the Offer terms were made pursuant to ASIC relief
in order to clarify that Offer is made in respect of all KBC Shares
(see Section 9.6 for details).
ASIC and ASX
A copy of this Bidder's Statement was lodged with ASIC and the
ASX on 28 April 6 July 2020. The ASX and ASIC (including their
officers) take no responsibility for the contents of this Bidder's
Statement.
Investment decision
This is an important document. This Bidder's Statement does not
take into account the individual investment objectives, financial
situation or any particular needs of any KBC Shareholder or any
other person. KBC Shareholders may wish to seek independent
financial and taxation advice before making a decision as to whether
to accept the Offer.
Disclaimer
In addition to historical information contained in this booklet, there
may be matters discussed in this Bidder's Statement that are
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements, which are based on
assumptions and estimates and describe WAM Active’s future plans,
strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by the use of
the words 'anticipate', 'will', 'believe', 'estimate', 'expect', 'intend', 'seek'
or similar expressions. KBC Shareholders are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward looking
statements are not based on historical facts, but are based on
current expectations of future results or events. These forwardlooking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions which could cause actual results or events to differ
from the expectations in the forward-looking statements. Those
risks and uncertainties include factors and risks specific to the
industry in which WAM Active and KBC operate as well as general
economic conditions and prevailing exchange rates and interest
rates.

All forward-looking statements attributable to WAM Active, or
persons acting on behalf of WAM Active, are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements in this Section. Except as
expressly required by the Corporations Act, WAM Active makes no
undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking
statements provided in this Bidder's Statement, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, or the list of risks
affecting this information.
None of WAM Active’s officers, any person named in this Bidder's
Statement with their consent or any person involved in the
preparation of this Bidder's Statement makes any representation or
warranty (express or implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of
fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, except to the extent
required by law.
Distribution outside Australia
The distribution of this Bidder's Statement may, in some countries,
be restricted by law or regulation. Accordingly, persons who come
into possession of this Bidder's Statement should inform themselves
of, and observe, those restrictions.
Important notice to US shareholders
The Offer is made for the shares of an Australian registered
company. It is important that US shareholders understand that the
Offer is subject to disclosure requirements in Australia that are
materially different from those in the US. You should be aware that,
subject to the Corporations Act, WAM Active may purchase KBC
Shares otherwise than under the Offer, such as in an open market or
privately negotiated purchases after the end of the Offer Period.
Defined terms
Defined terms used in this Bidder's Statement are capitalised.
Definitions of these terms are set out in Section 11. Unless the
contrary intention appears, the context requires otherwise or words
are defined in Section 11, words and phrases in the Bidder's
Statement have the same meaning and interpretation as in the
Corporations Act.
Sources of information
Information included in this Bidder's Statement relating to KBC and
its business has been derived solely from publicly available sources
published by KBC, including KBC’s financial reports and KBC’s
announcements to the ASX and on its website.
Subject to the Corporations Act and other applicable law, WAM
Active and its directors disclaim all liability for any information
concerning KBC included in this Bidder's Statement. KBC
Shareholders should form their own views concerning KBC from
publicly available information.

For personal use only

Directory
Bidder

WAM Active Board of Directors

WAM Active Limited
Level 26, Governor Phillip Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney NSW 2000

Mr Geoffrey Wilson AO – Chairman
Ms Katherine Thorley
Ms Emma Rugge-Price
Ms Karina Kwan

T: (02) 9247 6755
F: (02) 9247 6855
E: info@wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
W: wilsonassetmanagement.com.au

Legal Advisor

Company Secretary

Mont Lawyers Pty Ltd
Suite 18, 50 Stanley Street
Darlinghurst NSW 2010

Linda VoKiriczenko

Share Registry

Investment Manager

Boardroom Pty Limited
Level 12, 225 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000

MAM Pty Limited, part of the Wilson Asset
Management Group
Level 26, Governor Phillip Tower
1 Farrer Place
Sydney NSW 2000

T: (02) 9290 9600
F: (02) 9279 0664

Contents
Chairman’s letter ...................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 22
1.

Key questions................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 1211

2.

About WAM Active Limited ............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 1615

3.

About Keybridge Capital Limited ............................................................................................................................................................................................... 1716

4.

WAM Active’s intentions................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 2423

5.

Sources of Offer consideration ................................................................................................................................................................................................... 2625

6.

Risk factors .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 2726

7.

Tax considerations .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................3029

8.

Information on KBC Shares ............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 3231

9.

Other material information.............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 3534

10.

Offer terms ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3736

11.

Definitions and interpretation .......................................................................................................................................................................................................4241

12.

Approval of Bidder's Statement ....................................................................................................................................................................................................... 44

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

1

Chairman’s letter
28 April 6 July 2020

For personal use only

Dear KBC Shareholders,

Unconditional Cash Offer by WAM Active to acquire your KBC Shares
WAM Active Limited (ASX: WAA) is offering to acquire all of your fully paid ordinary shares in Keybridge Capital Limited
(ASX: KBC) through the unconditional cash Offer contained in this Bidder’s Statement.
The Offer Consideration is 6.9 cents CASH for each KBC Share you own.
The Offer Price represents a premium of approximately 29.0% to KBC’s unaudited after-tax net tangible asset backing
(NTA) as at 29 February 2020 of 5.3 to 5.4 cents per share, being the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to the date of
this Bidder’s Statement1. The directors of KBC have advised KBC Shareholders that after 29 February 2020, its NTA has
been impacted by the subsequent stock market turmoil arising out of COVID-19 which may result in a material decline
in its NTA. KBC continues to fail in providingnot provide KBC Shareholders its requiredwith monthly NTA reporting in
accordance with ASX Listing Rulesreports.
The Offer Price is compelling given KBC has historically traded at a discount to NTA. In fact, over the three-year period
from 31 July 2016 to 30 June 2019 (the last full month during which KBC shares traded on the ASX), KBC Shares have,
on average, traded at a 30.0% discount to KBC’s prevailing NTA over that period. See Section 3.2 of this Bidder’s
Statement for further details.
In addition to providing KBC Shareholders with the ability to exit their investment at a premium to NTA, the cash Offer
provides certainty of value for KBC Shareholders. Certainty of value is attractive when considered in the context of the
significant risks and uncertainties of remaining a KBC Shareholder. These include:
1.

Continued Erosion of Shareholder Value: KBC’s NTA has fallen 70.0% during the period 31 December 2016 to 29
February 2020 (the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to the date of this Bidder’s Statement1). KBC has already
warned that the valuations of its assets could further diminish materially as a result of COVID-19.

2.

Excessive Operating Expenses: Notwithstanding KBC’s declining financial performance, its Operating Expenses
remain high. For the financial year ending 30 June 2019, KBC’s Operating Expenses were in excess of 18.8% of the
company’s 30 June 2019 NTA, of which over 40% was paid to management, directors and related parties. See
Section 3.5 of this Bidder’s Statement for further details.

3.

Significant Corporate Governance Issues: KBC Shareholders are exposed to protracted corporate governance
issues. The ASX is currentlyhas been conducting an ienquiry into KBC as a result of numerous governance issues,
including KBC’s compliance with Listing Rule 3.1, the adequacy of KBC’s financial condition under Listing Rule 12.2
as well as KBC’s 2019 Financial Report and the $5 million payment made by KBC in June 2019 to acquire an
interest in Australian Community Media. On 29 June 2020, 12 months after this payment was made, KBC
announced this acquisition would not proceed. Pending the outcome of ASX’s enquiries, KBC Shares areremain
suspended from trading. The full scope of the ASX’s inquiries are not publicly known. KBC Shareholders face great
uncertainty regarding the outcome of ASX’s inquiryenquiry and the recommencement of trading for KBC Shares.
KBC’s 2019 Financial Report and half year accounts for the half year ended 31 December 2019 raised material
concerns in relation to KBC’s corporate governance, with KBC’s auditor (Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu (Deloitte))
issuing a disclaimer of opinion in relation to the 2019 Financial Report. Deloitte noted and a qualified conclusion in
relation to the half year accounts. Deloitte noted in its report attached to the 2019 Financial Report their inability to
satisfy themselves as to the integrity of KBC’s books and records and, in particular, whether certain transactions
recorded in KBC’s accounting records were appropriately authorised and undertaken for KBC’s benefit. The
material concerns clearly have not been resolved as Deloitte has not provided a qualified review conclusion in
respect of KBC’s half-year accounts for the period ending 31 December 2019. At the dateASX’s announcement of
this Bidder’s Statement,2 June 2020 confirming KBC’s 2020 Interim Financial Report for the half-year ended 31
December 2019 remains the subjectcontinued suspension clarifies that Deloitte’s disclaimer of independentopinion
and qualified review conclusion relate (in part) to a $5 million payment made by its auditors.KBC in June 2019 to

1

KBC disclosed its NTA as at 29 February 2020 in the target’s statement dated 25 March 2020, issued by KBC in relation to the off‐market takeover bid
made by Aurora Funds Management Limited as responsible entity for Aurora Dividend Income Trust (ADIT).
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

2

For personal use only

acquire an interest in Australian Community Media, an acquisition that KBC subsequently announced on 29 June
2020 would not proceed.
Despite the material nature of the $5 million payment and the acquisition those funds were intended to be used for,
KBC’s disclosure in relation to both matters was late and limited. KBC Shareholders were not told which entity KBC
had paid $5,000,000 to acquire an interest in until close to one year after that payment had been made. From the
limited disclosure provided prior to 29 June 2020 when KBC announced the transaction would not proceed, KBC
Shareholders had no ability to assess the likelihood of the acquisition ever settling.
4.

KBC’s Board Composition: The composition of KBC’s board of directors (KBC Board) has been a contentious
issue since July 2019 when members of the KBC Board purported to remove Mr John Patton as chairman and
appoint Mr William Johnson as his replacement (Mr Patton’s removal was subsequently overturned by the Federal
Court of Australia on 11 October 2019). Between October 2019 and the date of this Bidder’s Statement there has
been:



4 KBC Shareholder meetings at which the composition of the KBC Board was considered - only one of these
meetings has proceeded and not had the results challenged;



3 casual vacancies appointed to the KBC Board by the KBC directors. This includes Mr Nicholas Bolton’s
appointment as Managing Director. Mr Bolton has previously been disqualified by ASIC from managing
corporations for three years;



2 directors removed by KBC Shareholders - Mr Richard Duke, appointed as a casual vacancy in October 2019,
was removed by KBC Shareholders at KBC’s 2019 annual general meeting. Mr Johnson was removed at the
general meeting on 17 April 2020;



1 director removed by the KBC Board - the ‘automatic vacation’ of Mr Cato’s position on the KBC Board in
January 2020 has been challenged; and



1 resignation - Mr Patton resigned immediately prior to KBC’s annual general meeting on 21 January 2020.

The appointment of casual vacancies appointed to the KBC Board and the outcome at the general meeting on 17
April 2020 has further entrenched Mr Bolton’s control of the KBC Board to the detriment of KBC Shareholders.KBC.
See page 87 (Board is uncertain)9 for further details regarding each of the above.
WAM Active has notified KBC of its intention to call a general meeting in order to move resolutions to remove the
current KBC board and appoint Messrs Geoff Wilson AO, Jesse Hamilton and Martyn McCathie as directors of KBC.
The experience of the nominee directors is summarised on Wilson Asset Management website. Full details
regarding the meeting and each of the nominees will be contained in the notice of meeting when it is issued.
5.

Lack of Liquidity: Historically, KBC Shares have been very thinly traded. Of the total shares on issue,
approximately over 707.0% of KBC Shares are held by the top four KBC Shareholders2.
From 1 January 2019 to the close of trading on 15 July 2019 (the last trading day before KBC Shares were placed
into suspension by ASX), a total of approximately 6,417,766 KBC Shares were traded (excluding 930,754 KBC
Shares purchased by WAM Active or its Associates). This represents only 3.6% of KBC Shares on issue.

For these reasons, the WAM Active Directors believe the Offer represents an attractive opportunity for KBC
Shareholders to realise their investment in KBC for cash at a premium of approximately 29.0% to the last NTA disclosed
by KBC.
How to accept the Offer
If you choose to accept the Offer you can either direct your Broker to accept for your CHESS Holding, or complete and
sign the enclosed Acceptance Form and return it in the reply paid envelope so that it is received before the closing
date.

2

This percentage includes 16,057,929 KBC Shares registered in WAM Active’s name transferred to WAM Active as a result of WAM Active processing acceptances
into its 3 January 2020 bid that the Takeover’s Panel subsequently found closed subject to defeating conditions. As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, 1
Processed Holder has notified WAM Active that it will exercise this right in respect of a total of 114,000 Processed Shares (which is yet to be complete).
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

3

You will not have to pay any brokerage to accept the Offer (you may incur brokerage fees if you choose to sell your KBC
Shares on market (assuming that KBC Shares are reinstated to quotation on the ASX) or if you instruct your Broker to
accept the Offer on your behalf).

For personal use only

How to accept the Offer if you accepted WAM Active’s prior bid
The Offer is WAM Active’s second offer to acquire KBC Shares in this calendar year. The Takeover’s Panel has
determined WAM Active did not free its prior takeover offer dated 3 January 2020 from defeating conditions and that
as a result, that bid closed at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on 3 March 2020 subject to defeating conditions. Former KBC
Shareholders (Processed Holders) whose acceptances into WAM Active’s prior bid were processed and who received
payment for their KBC Shares (Processed Shares) were notified that because the prior bid closed subject to defeating
conditions, the transfer of their Processed Shares to WAM Active was void and should not have been registered in WAM
Active’s name.
The Panel has made orders that allow the Processed Holders to request for the transaction by which WAM Active
acquired their Processed Shares to be reversed3 (see Section 1.14 for further details of what the Panel’s orders require).
KBC announced that it had commenced court proceedings seeking orders to have any Processed Shares in respect of
which the reversal right has not been exercised vested in ASIC for sale. WAM Active is concerned about the use of KBC
Shareholder funds on litigation particularly when alternative solutions are available.
Processed Holders that want to exercise their reversal right and accept this Offer must complete and sign the enclosed
Withdrawal/Acceptance Form and return it in the reply paid envelope so that it is received before the closing date (see
Section 1.16 for details regarding this form and its effect).
Other options are available to the Processed Holders, including having the Processed Shares transferred back to you
or accepting the selective offer announced by KBC on 2 June 2020 to acquire the Processed Shares made by entities
associated with Mr Catalano (Catalano Selective Offer). See Section 1.15 for further details.
Payment of consideration
WAM Active intends to pay the Offer consideration weekly, on each Friday during the Offer Period. This means that KBC
Shareholders who have submitted a valid acceptances by 4.00pm (Sydney time) on or before each Thursday during the
Offer Period, will be paid the following day.
The Offer is scheduled to close at 7:00pm (Sydney time) on [insert].
If you require additional assistance, please call Wilson Asset Management’s Chief Financial Officer Jesse Hamilton on
0401 944 807 or Head of Operations Martyn McCathie on 0433 312 630.
Yours faithfully

Geoff Wilson AO
Chairman

3

As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, 1 Processed Holder has notified WAM Active that it will exercise this right in respect of a total of 114,000 Processed
Shares (which is yet to be complete).
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

4

Summary of the Unconditional Cash Offer

For personal use only

The information set out below is only a summary of the Offer. You should read the entire Bidder’s Statement before
deciding whether to accept the Offer.
The Offer

The Offer is an UNCONDITIONAL CASH Offer by WAM Active to acquire all of your KBC Shares.

Offer
Consideration

You are being offered 6.9 cents cash for every 1 KBC Share you own. This represents a premium of
approximately 29.0% to KBC’s NTA as at 29 February 2020, the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to
the date of this Bidder’s Statement.

Closing date

The Offer is scheduled to close at 7:00pm (Sydney time) on [insert] (but it may be extended).

No Offer Conditions The Offer is unconditional.
Settlement terms

If you accept the Offer, you will be paid the Offer Consideration no later than:
1 month after the date you validly accept the Offer; or
(a)
21 days after the end of the Offer Period.
(b)
See sections 10.3 to 10.6 for more information.

How to accept
the Offer

CHESS Holdings

If your KBC Shares are in a CHESS Holding, to accept the Offer you must either:
(a)
instruct your controlling participant (usually your Broker) to accept the Offer on your
behalf; or
(b)
complete, sign and return the enclosed Acceptance Form in accordance with the
instructions on it.
Issuer Sponsored Holdings

If your KBC Shares are held in an Issuer Sponsored Holding, to accept the Offer you must complete,
sign and return the Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions on it.

Former KBC Shareholders

If you are a former KBC Shareholder that has the right to request the transaction by which WAM
Active acquired your Processed Shares be reversed, to accept the Offer you must complete and
sign the enclosed Withdrawal/Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions on it.
Signed Acceptance Forms and Withdrawal/Acceptance Form must be received before the end of
the Offer Period at:
By mail:

Keybridge Capital Limited Takeover
C/- Boardroom Pty Limited
GPO Box 3993
Sydney NSW 2001
Hand delivered:

Boardroom Pty Limited
Level 12, 225 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Telephone: (02) 9290 9600
Fax: (02) 9279 0664
A business reply-paid envelope is enclosed.
If you wish to sell your KBC Shares on-market (assuming that KBC Shares are reinstated to
quotation on the ASX), please contact your Broker.
No stamp duty

You will not pay any stamp duty on accepting the Offer.

What to do next?

You should read this Bidder’s Statement in its entirety before making a decision as to whether or
not to accept the Offer for your KBC Shares.
If you wish to accept the Offer, please see Section 10 of this Bidder’s Statement.

Further
information

For questions about your KBC Shares, the Offer, or how to accept the Offer please refer to the
remainder of this Bidder’s Statement or please call Wilson Asset Management’s Chief Financial
Officer Jesse Hamilton on 0401 944 807 or Head of Operations Martyn McCathie on 0433 312 630.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

5

The above information is a summary only of key elements of this Bidder’s Statement. KBC Shareholders should read this
Bidder’s Statement in Its entirety before making any decision in relation to the Offer.

For personal use only

Why you should accept the Offer
1. WAM Active’s Offer is at an attractive cash price
The all cash consideration of 6.9 cents per KBC Share is for all KBC Shares that WAM Active and its Associates do not
already own.accepted into the Offer.
The Offer Price represents a compelling cash value for KBC Shareholders, representing a premium of approximately
29.0% to KBC’s NTA as at 29 February 2020, as disclosed in the target’s statement dated 25 March 2020 issued by KBC
in response to the ADIT Offer, being the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to the date of this Bidder’s Statement.
The Offer Price is particularly compelling given KBC has historically traded at a discount to NTA. In fact, over the threeyear period from 31 July 2016 to 30 June 2019 (the last full month during which KBC Shares traded on ASX), KBC
Shares traded at an average share price discount to NTA of 30%. See Section 3.2 of this Bidder’s Statement for further
details.
20%
10%
0%
-10%
-20%
-30%
-40%
-50%
-60%
Jun-16

Sep-16

Dec-16

Mar-17

Jun-17

Sep-17

Dec-17

Mar-18

KBC Share price discount to NTA

Jun-18

Sep-18

Dec-18

Mar-19

Jun-19

Average discount

Source: KBC’s monthly Net Asset Backing reports, as announced to the ASX and IRESS.
Note: KBC Shares have been suspended from trading on the ASX since 16 July 2019.

2. Cash Offer provides certainty compared to retaining KBC Shares
The certainty of receiving 6.9 cents cash per KBC Share should be considered against the risks and uncertainties of
remaining a KBC Shareholder, including the uncertainty as to when or if KBC’s suspension from trading may be lifted by
the ASX and the ongoing uncertainty in relation to the corporate governance of KBC and the value of KBC.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

6

(a)

Erosion of KBC Shareholder value

KBC’s NTA has fallen 70.0% during the period 31 December 2016 to 29 February 2020 (the last NTA disclosed prior to
the date of this Bidder’s Statement).
25
Cents per Share

15
10
5
0
Dec-16
Jan-17
Feb-17
Mar-17
Apr-17
May-17
Jun-17
Jul-17
Aug-17
Sep-17
Oct-17
Nov-17
Dec-17
Jan-18
Feb-18
Mar-18
Apr-18
May-18
Jun-18
Jul-18
Aug-18
Sep-18
Oct-18
Nov-18
Dec-18
Jan-19
Feb-19
Mar-19
Apr-19
May-19
Jun-19
Jul-19
Aug-19
Sep-19
Oct-19
Nov-19
Dec-19
Jan-20
Feb-20

For personal use only

20

KBC after-tax NTA per Share

Source: KBC’s monthly Net Asset Backing reports and, in respect of the NTA as at 29 February 2020, the target’s statement dated 25 March 2020, issued by
KBC in relation to the off-market takeover bid made by Aurora Funds Management Limited as responsible entity for Aurora Dividend Income Trust (ADIT), as
announced to the ASX and IRESS.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

7

For personal use only

KBC Shareholders are reminded that the value of KBC’s investments may be materially impacted by COVID-19. KBC
stated in its target’s statement dated 25 March 2020 issued in response to the ADIT Offer that “the net asset value of

Keybridge shares… as at 29 February 2020 has been subsequently impacted by the subsequent stock market turmoil
arising out of COVID-19. In addition, stock market conditions moving forward are likely to continue to be volatile at least
for some weeks. Remaining as a Keybridge shareholder will expose you to these risks and uncertainties. At present, the
Keybridge directors are unable to ascertain what the likely outcome of these stock market movements will be on the
proper valuation of its quoted assets and have not made any decisions as to the valuation of such assets – the next
time at which such an exercise will need to be undertaken is when the June 2020 accounts are prepared. Unless there
are substantial upwards movements in share prices, some of the valuations of these assets could diminish materially”.
(b)

Excessive Operating Expenses

KBC continues to incur considerable ongoing Operating Expenses, further eroding KBC Shareholder value. During the
financial years ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019, KBC incurred Operating Expenses in excess of $2 million per annum.
For the financial year ended 30 June 2019, KBC's Operating Expenses were in excess of 18.8% of KBC’s NTA at 30 June
2019, of which over 40% was paid to management, directors and related parties.
For the half-year ended 31 December 2019, KBC has incurred Operating Expenses of $1.19 million, being $2.38 million
annualised over the 30 June 2020 financial year and representing 24.8% of KBC’s stated NTA as at 29 February 2020.
See Section 3.5 of this Bidder’s Statement for further details.
(c)

KBC’S outlook is uncertain

Outcome of ASX enquiries uncertain: KBC Shares have been suspended from trading on the ASX since 16 July 2019. On
17 October 20192 June 2020, the ASX announced that KBC Shares will remain suspended pending the outcome of the
ASX’s enquiries into, amongst other things, issues in relation to KBC’s 2019 Financial Report. The full scope of ASX’s
enquiries are not publicly known. matters relating to: KBC’s $5 million payment made in June 2019 to acquire an interest
in Australian Community Media (a transaction that ultimately will never settle); KBC’s compliance with Listing Rule 3.1;
the adequacy of KBC’s financial condition; and the disclaimer of opinion (in KBC’s 2019 Financial Report) and qualified
conclusion (in KBC’s 2020 half year accounts) both of which were issued by Deloitte in relation to, amongst other
things, the $5 million payment and a loan receivable of $561,225. There is no certainty that normal trading of KBC Shares
will recommence or, if it does, when this might occur, or what conditions, if any, ASX may impose.

Board composition: The composition of KBC’s board of directors has been a contentious issue since July 2019 when
members of the KBC Board purported to remove Mr Patton as chairman and appoint Mr Johnson as his replacement
(Mr Patton’s removal was subsequently overturned by the Federal Court of Australia on 11 October 2019). The following
summarises the changes to the KBC Board in the period from October 2019 until the date of this Bidder’s statement.
Following the purported removal of Mr Patton, two of KBC’s three largest shareholders, Bentley and Australian Style
Group Pty Limited, convened separate extraordinary general meetings of KBC Shareholders to consider resolutions to
appoint and remove certain KBC directors. The results of the first meeting have been challenged under section 1322 of
the Corporations Act and as a result, remain uncertain. The second meeting, initially adjourned pending the outcome of
the challenge to the first meeting’s result, was ultimately withdrawn.
On 14 October 2019, the date the extraordinary general meetings convened by Australian Style Group Pty Limited and
Bentley were scheduled to occur, it was announced that the KBC directors had appointed two casual vacancies to the
board: Mr Richard Dukes, as non-executive Director and Mr Bolton, as Managing Director. Mr Bolton was previously
disqualified by ASIC from managing corporations for three years.
Over one half of the KBC Board, Mr John Patton, Mr Jeremy Kriewaldt and Mr Richard Dukes, were to stand for re
election at KBC’s annual general meeting on 21 January 2020. Immediately prior to the FY19 annual general meeting, Mr
Patton resigned and it was announced that Mr Cato had ‘automatically vacated his office’ as a director. WAM Active
understands that Mr Cato has challenged his removal. At the date of this Bidder’s Statement, the outcome and status of
this challenge remains unclear.
At the annual general meeting, KBC Shareholders voted to not re-elect Mr Dukes and, following KBC receiving a second
‘strike’ on its remuneration report, passed a ‘spill resolution’ requiring KBC to convene a general meeting at which each
director (other than Mr Bolton) would stand for re-election. WAM Active and its associates requisitioned KBC so that
KBC Shareholders would be given the opportunity to vote to remove Mr Bolton at the spill meeting as well.
As the spill meeting approached, KBC did not seek director nominations from external parties and seemingly ignored
the director nomination submitted to it by WAM Active’s nominee and ultimately appointed Mr Catalano as a casual

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

8

vacancy to the KBC Board immediately prior to the meeting (avoiding the need to obtain KBC Shareholder approval in
respect of his appointment)1. WAM Active considers that these actions undermined the very purpose of the
shareholder sanctioned ‘spill meeting’.

For personal use only

At the spill meeting on 17 April 2020, the chairman of the meeting for KBC, Mr Kriewaldt, went on to exclude excluded
certain votes cast by WAM Active and, by doing so, materially changed the outcome of that meeting. The effect of the
chairman’s decision to exclude votes cast by WAM Active meant that:



the resolution to remove Mr Bolton from his position as Managing Director of KBC did not pass;



the resolution to re-elect the chairman of the meeting, Mr Kriewaldt passed; and



the resolution to re-elect Mr Johnson did not pass.

The continued appointment of casual vacancies to the KBC Board and the outcome at the general meeting on 17 April
2020 has further entrenched Mr Bolton’s control of the KBC Board to the detriment of KBC Shareholders.KBC.
WAM Active has notified KBC of its intention to call a general meeting in order to move resolutions to remove the
current KBC Board and appoint each of Messrs Geoff Wilson AO, Jesse Hamilton and Martyn McCathie as directors. A
brief summary of the experience of WAM Active’s nominee directors is summarised on the Wilson Asset Management
website. Full details regarding the meeting and each of the nominees will be contained in the notice of meeting when
issued.

Uncertainties with KBC’s Financial Reporting: KBC’s auditor, Deloitte, issued a disclaimer of opinion in relation to KBC’s
2019 Financial Report. Deloitte noted their inability to satisfy themselves as to the integrity of KBC’s books and records
and, in particular, whether certain transactions recorded in KBC’s accounting records were appropriately authorised and
undertaken for KBC’s benefit.
Note 9 of KBC’s 2019 Financial Report suggests that KBC has $5,171,756 of ‘other assets’. Included in this other asset
balance is an item classified as an advance of $5,000,000. Deloitte have beenwas unable to obtain sufficient
appropriate audit evidence and KBC failed to provide the underlying agreements in respect of this advance to enable
them to determine whether it will be recoverable by KBC.
KBC’s 2020 Financial Report for the half-year ended 31 December 2019 released on 8 May 2020, subject to a qualified
review conclusion from Deloitte, provided no further details or update in relation to the advance of the $5,000,000.
N Prior to 2 June 2020, no announcement has beenwas made by KBC to its shareholders regarding the nature of this
material ‘asset’ advanced by KBC. This is critical given this advance represents roughly 41.544.6% of the total fair value
attributed to allnet assets held by KBC at 30 June 2019. ($11.199m).
On 2 MarchJune 2020, KBC announced its 2020 Interim Financial Report for the half-year ended 31 December 2019
which was unaudited and did not have an accompanying review report and conclusion from Deloitte. No update was
provided by KBC in relation to the advance of the belatedly disclosed that the $5,000,000 had been paid by KBC in
June 2019 to acquire an interest in Australian Community Media and, 12 months later, this transaction remained
unsettled. Despite Mr Catalano being:



a KBC director;



one of the two controllers of the investee company that acquired Australian Community Media (the other
being Thorney Investment Group)2, and therefore one of two persons that ultimately will determine whether
the investee company’s shareholders ultimately consent/agree to KBC’s acquisition settling3;



the sole director and its recoverability shareholder of the entity that currently enjoys legal and nature remain
uncertain forbeneficial title to the interest in Australian Community Media (held via the investee company)
acquired with KBC’s $5,000,0002;

1

KBC also announced on 17 April 2020, following the general meeting, that the board had unanimously resolved to offer Mr Geoff Wilson a KBC directorship
(subject to Mr Wilson providing written consent within 14 days of that announcement). Mr Wilson did not provide his consent. The offer was ultimately revoked
by KBC on 29 April 2020, following the announcement of the Offer.
2
Refer NEC ASX Announcements 1 July 2019 “Completion of the sale of ACM”
3
Refer KBC ASX Announcement of 2 June 2020 “Potential Transaction – Update”
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

9



the sole provider of security in respect of KBC’s proposed acquisition, personally guaranteeing repayment of
$5,000,000 to KBC if the acquisition does not settle,

For personal use only

the disclosure regarding the proposed transaction remains limited. In the 12 months ending on 29 June 2020 (when
KBC announced the transaction would not proceed), KBC Shareholders had no way to assess the likelihood of the
acquisition ever settling.
On page 69 of the 2019 Financial Report, Deloitte highlight the following “During and subsequent to the end of the

financial year, a series of allegations have been made by directors and other key management personnel in respect of a
range of issues including alleged breaches of directors’ duties under the Corporations Act 2001, transactions being
undertaken without appropriate authority or for a proper purpose, and certain directors being denied access to the
Group’s books and records”.
Deloitte was unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to enable it to opine on:
(i)

whether KBC’s 2019 Financial Report provided a true and fair view of KBC’s financial position as at 30 June
2019 or the financial performance for the period then ended;

(ii)

whether KBC’s 2019 Financial Report complies with Australian Accounting Standards and Corporations
Regulations 2001;

(iii)

whether KBC has kept sufficient records to enable the 2019 Financial Report to be prepared and audited; or

(iv)

the remuneration report included in pages 16 to 24 of the directors’ report within the 2019 Financial Report.

The basis for Deloitte’s disclaimer of opinion areis detailed in full on pages 69 to 71 of the 2019 Financial Report. KBC
Shares will remain suspended pending ASX’s enquiries into, amongst other things, issues raised in the 2019 Financial
Report.
The material concerns identified by Deloitte clearly have not been resolved as Deloitte did not issueissued a review
report andqualified conclusion in respect of KBC’s 2020 Interim FinancialHalf Year Report. The basis for Deloitte’s
qualified conclusion is detailed in full on pages 27-28 of the half-year period ended 31 December 2019. At the date of
this Bidder’s Statement, KBC’s 2020 Interim FinancialHalf Year Report remains the subject of independent review by
Deloitte..
ASX announced on 2 June 2020 that KBC Shares will remain suspended pending ASX’s enquiries into, amongst other
things, issues raised in the 2019 Financial Report and 2020 Half Year Report.

3. The cash offer provides liquidity
Historically, KBC Shares are closely held and historically have been very thinly traded. Of the total shares on issue,
approximately 77.0% of KBC Sharesover 70% are held by four KBC Shareholders and their Associates (including WAM
Active and members of the Wilson Asset Management Group)4.
From 1 January 2019 to the close of trading on 15 July 2019 (the last trading day before KBC Shares were placed into
suspension by ASX), approximately 6,417,766 KBC Shares on issue were traded (excluding 930,754 KBC Shares
purchased by WAM Active or its Associates). This represents only 3.6% of KBC Shares on issue.
Depending on the level of acceptances received under the Offer, the market for KBC Shares may become even less
liquid following the Offer.
The Offer provides KBC Shares with liquidity and represents an opportunity for all KBC Shareholders to sell their KBC
Shares for cash, at a premium to the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to date of this Bidder’s Statement.

4. There are risks associated with being a minority shareholder of KBC
Depending on the level of acceptances received under the Offer, the market for KBC Shares may become even less
liquid following the Offer. This could make it more difficult for you to sell your KBC Shares at an attractive price in the
future, should the shares recommence trading. It may also reduce the likelihood of a subsequent takeover bid for KBC
from parties other than WAM Active.

4

This percentage includes 16,057,929 KBC Shares registered in WAM Active’s name transferred to WAM Active as a result of WAM Active processing
acceptances into its 3 January 2020 bid that the Takeover’s Panel subsequently found closed subject to defeating conditions.
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

10

After the Offer closes, if WAM Active’s Voting Power in KBC is less than 90% of KBC, KBC Shares may trade below the
Offer Price, should they recommence trading.

For personal use only

If WAM Active becomes entitled to do so, it intends to compulsorily acquire the remaining KBC Shares WAM Active
does not acquire under the Offer. If your KBC Shares are compulsorily acquired you will be paid later than KBC
Shareholders who accept the Offer.

5. There is no competing offer for all KBC Shares
As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, the Offer is the only available offer for all KBC Shares.
Aurora Funds Management Limited as responsible entity for Aurora Dividend Income Trust (ADIT) and WAM Active are
the only two entities to have made takeover offers for KBC Shares in over 6 years.
The ADIT Offer closed on 6 April 2020 and is no longer capable of acceptance.
KBC announced on 2 June 2020 that entities associated with Mr Catalano would make a SELECTIVE offer to acquire
some but not all KBC Shares (Catalano Selective Offer). Mr Catalano is offering $0.07 per KBC Share acquired under
the Catalano Selective Offer.
The Catalano Selective Offer is not a takeover offer for all KBC Shares. The Catalano Selective Offer extends only to
certain KBC Shares currently registered in the name of WAM Active which were transferred to WAM Active when their
acceptance into WAM Active 3 January 2020 bid was processed (i.e. the Processed Shares). Processed Shares no
longer held by WAM Active (i.e. because they have been transferred back to their Processed Shareholders) are not
eligible to accept into the Catalano Selective Offer.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

11

1.

Key questions

This Section answers some key questions that you may have about the Offer and should only be read in conjunction
with the entire Bidder's Statement.

For personal use only

1.1.

What is the Bidder's Statement?

The Bidder's Statement sets out the terms of WAM Active's cash Offer and information relating to the Offer and the
consideration you will receive.

1.2.

What is the Offer?

WAM Active is offering to acquire all of your KBC Shares by way of an off-market takeover offer.
The Offer extends to all KBC Shares on issue at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on 29 April 2020 and any KBC Shares issued
after 29 April 2020 but before the end of the Offer Period on conversion of, or exercise of rights attached to, Convertible
Redeemable Promissory Notes (CRPN) on issue at 7:00pm (Sydney time) on 29 April 2020.
The Offer consideration is 6.9 cents cash for every KBC Share you hold.

1.3.

What are the tax consequences if I accept the Offer?

Please consult your financial, tax or other professional adviser on the tax implications of accepting the Offer. However, a
general summary of the likely Australian tax consequences is set out in Section 7.

1.4.

How do I accept the Offer?

CHESS Holdings
If your KBC Shares are in a CHESS Holding, to accept the Offer you must either:
(a)

instruct your Controlling Participant (usually your Broker) to accept the Offer on your behalf; or

(b)

complete, sign and return the enclosed Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions on it.

Issuer Sponsored Holdings
If your KBC Shares are in an Issuer Sponsored Holding, to accept the Offer you must complete, sign and return the
Acceptance Form in accordance with the instructions on it.

Participants
If you are a Participant (as defined in the ASX Settlement Rules) (typically, a stockbroker who is a participating
organisation of ASX Settlement), the above does not apply. To accept the Offer you must initiate acceptance in
accordance with the ASX Settlement Rules.

Former KBC Shareholders (Processed Holder)
If you are a former KBC Shareholder that has the right to request that the transaction by which WAM Active acquired
your Processed Shares be reversed, Tto accept the Offer you must initiate acceptancecomplete and sign the enclosed
Withdrawal/Acceptance Form in accordance with the ASX Settlement Rulesinstructions on it.

1.5.

Can I accept the Offer for part of my holding?

No, you can only accept the Offer for all of your holding. Your acceptance will be treated as being for all your KBC
Shares plus any additional KBC Shares registered as held by you at the date your acceptance is processed.

1.6.

Are there any conditions to the Offer?

No, the Offer is UNCONDITIONAL.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

12

1.7.

What happens if I accept the Offer?

Once you accept the Offer in respect of all of your KBC Shares, you will not be able to sell those KBC Shares otherwise
deal with the Rights attaching to those KBC Shares, subject to your limited statutory rights to withdraw your acceptance
in certain circumstances.

For personal use only

1.8.

What happens if I do not accept the Offer?

Subject to what is stated below, you will remain the holder of your KBC Shares if you do not accept the Offer.
If WAM Active obtains an interest in less than 90% of KBC Shares, it will not be able to compulsorily acquire your KBC
Shares. In this instance, you will remain a KBC Shareholder and it is likely that KBC Shares will be thinly traded (should
KBC’s Shares recommence trading on the ASX) and illiquid. KBC Shares may trade below the Offer Price.
If WAM Active acquires sufficient KBC Shares for it to control the passage of ordinary resolutions, it will effectively
control KBC and may then seek to remove KBC from the ASX Official List (see Section 4.4 for details of WAM Active’s
current intentions in these circumstances). In this instance, you would become a minority KBC Shareholder in an
unlisted public company and could only sell your KBC Shares via private off-market transactions.
If WAM Active obtains a Relevant Interest of at least 90% of the KBC Shares (by number) on issue at any time during
the Offer Period, WAM Active intends to proceed to compulsorily acquire your KBC Shares if you have not accepted the
Offer (see Section 44). At the conclusion of the compulsory acquisition process, you will receive 6.9 cents in cash for
every 1 fully paid KBC Share which is compulsorily acquired. You will receive consideration for your KBC Shares sooner if
you accept the Offer.
If WAM Active obtains an interest in less than 90% of KBC Shares, WAM Active will not be able to proceed to
compulsorily acquire your KBC Shares. In this instance, you will remain a KBC Shareholder and it is likely that KBC
Shares will be thinly traded, should KBC’s Shares recommence trading on the ASX. KBC Shares may trade below the
Offer Price. WAM Active's intentions if it has an interest in less than 90% of KBC Shares are described in Section 4.

1.9.

Can I withdraw my acceptance into this Offer?

Under the terms of the Offer, you cannot withdraw your acceptance unless a withdrawal right arises under the
Corporations Act. Such a withdrawal right will arise if, after you accept the Offer, WAM Active varies the Offer in a way
that postpones for more than one month the time when WAM Active has to pay you under the Offer.

1.10.

When does the Offer close?

The Offer is currently scheduled to close at 7:00 pm (Sydney time) on [insert], unless extended or withdrawn.

1.11.

Can WAM Active extend the Offer Period?

Yes, the Offer can be extended by WAM Active or otherwise in accordance with the Corporations Act. You will be sent
written notice of any extension, as required by the Corporations Act.

1.12.

If I accept the Offer, when will I receive the cash consideration?

If you accept this Offer, WAM Active will pay to you the cash consideration to which you are entitled no later than:
(a)

1 month after you accept this Offer; or

(b)

21 days after the end of the Offer Period.

Full details of when you will be paid your cash consideration are set out in Section 10.610.6.
WAM Active may elect to pay the Offer consideration earlier. See the Chairman’s letter for further details. Under no
circumstances will interest be paid on the consideration for the Accepted Shares under this Offer, regardless of any
delay in making payment or any extension of this Offer.

1.13.

Will I need to pay brokerage or stamp duty if I accept the Offer?

You will not pay any stamp duty on accepting the Offer.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

13

If your KBC Shares are registered in an Issuer Sponsored Holding in your name and you deliver them directly to WAM
Active, including former KBC Shareholders that withdraw their acceptance into WAM Active’s 3 January bid and accept
this Offer, you will not incur any brokerage connected with you accepting the Offer.

For personal use only

If your KBC Shares are in a CHESS Holding or you hold your KBC Shares through a bank, custodian or other nominee,
you should ask your Controlling Participant (usually, your Broker or the bank, custodian or other nominee) whether it
will charge any transaction fees or service charges connected with you accepting the Offer.

1.14.

What do the Panel’s orders require?

The Takeover’s Panel has determined WAM Active did not free its prior takeover offer dated 3 January 2020 from
defeating conditions and that as a result, that bid closed at 7.00pm (Sydney time) on 3 March 2020 subject to defeating
conditions. Former KBC Shareholders (Processed Holders) who accepted WAM Active’s prior bid and received
payment for their KBC Shares (Processed Shares), were notified as WAM Active’s bid closed subject to defeating
conditions, the transfer of the Processed Shares to WAM Active was void and those shares should not have been
registered in WAM Active’s name.
In accordance with the Takeover’s Panel’s orders, the Processed Holders have the right to request that the transaction
by which WAM Active acquired their Processed Shares be reversed.
To reverse the transaction by which WAM Active acquired the Processed Shares:
(a)

the Processed Shareholders must return to WAM Active the beneficial interest in the consideration that was
paid to them in respect of their Processed Shares; and

(b)

WAM Active must return to the Processed Shareholders their relevant interest in, and the beneficial ownership
of, their Processed Shares.

Processed Holders that was to exercise their right to reverse, must first notify WAM Active using the contact details on
the front page of this Bidder’s Statement.

1.15.

What options do the Processed Holders have?

There are four core options available to the Processed Holders:
(a)

Accept this Offer: The Processed Holders can request WAM Active reverse the transaction by which WAM
Active acquired their Processed Shares in order to accept those Processed Shares into this Offer. Processed
Holders that choose to request a reversal and accept this Offer must complete and sign the enclosed
Withdrawal/Acceptance Form and return it in the reply paid envelope so that it is received at least 1 week
before the Closing Date.

(b)

Reverse and keep their KBC Shares: The Processed Holders can have the legal and beneficial interest in
their Processed Shares be transferred to them if they transfer back to WAM Active the full amount of
consideration they were paid in respect of those shares. Processed Holders that want to do this need to
contact WAM Active (per the contact details on the front page). To date only one such request has been
received by WAM Active.

(c)

Do nothing: The Processed Holders are not required to take any action. If they do nothing they will keep the
consideration they have already received from WAM Active for their Processed Shares, but will not be entitled
to receive the benefit of any increased consideration offered under this Offer (if the Offer price were to
increase) or the Catalano Selective Offer.

(d)

Accept the Catalano Selective Offer: The Processed Holders may be able to accept the Catalano Selective
Offer announced by KBC on 2 June 2020. The terms of this offer provide for the Catalano Entities to handle
the administration associated with the reversal and the subsequent transfer of the Processed Shares to the
Catalano Entities. Processed Holders that want to accept the Catalano Selective Offer, should contact Mr
Catalano.

KBC has commenced court proceedings seeking orders to have any Processed Shares in respect of which the reversal
right has not been exercised vested in ASIC for sale. WAM Active is concerned about the use of KBC Shareholder funds
on litigation particularly when alternative solutions are available.
WAM Active encourages all former KBC Shareholders that received payment for their Processed Shares to exercise their
reversal right and re-accept into this Offer.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

14

1.16.

What does the Withdrawal/Acceptance Form do?

The Withdrawal/Acceptance Form has been designed to enable Processed Holders to exercise their reversal right and
accept their Processed Shares into this Offer.

For personal use only

The Withdrawal/Acceptance Form reduces the administrative burden associated with the reversal process for those
Processed Holders that want to accept their Processed Shares into this Offer. The Withdrawal/Acceptance Form
effectively allow WAM Active and its Associates to manage the process on their behalf.
The process will operate as follows:
(a)

Step 1: Processed Holders agree to hold on trust for WAM Active’s benefit an amount equal to the consideration
WAM Active paid to them in respect of their Processed Shares (in assets and/or cash).
These funds will be held on trust from the date the Processed Holder(s) sign the Withdrawal/Acceptance Form
until such time as they receive written confirmation from WAM Active that the legal and beneficial ownership of
their Processed Shares has been transferred to WAM Active on the same terms and conditions set out in this
Offer and the Form. This trust arrangement is important as it reverses the transfer of the beneficial interest in
the consideration WAM Active paid to the Processed Holders.

(b)

Step 2: The Processed Shares will be transferred to a trustee for the absolute benefit of the Processed Holder(s)
pending the transfer of those Processed Shares back to WAM Active. If it is not possible to use a trustee, the
Processed Shares will be transferred back into the relevant Processed Holder’s name(s), and WAM Active is
granted full authority to exercise all rights in respect of those Processed Shares (including voting rights) and
sign all transfer documents and accept the Offer on behalf of the Processed Holder(s). At completion of this
step, the transfer of beneficial ownership in the Processed Shares will be reversed and the Processed Holder(s)
will again hold a Relevant Interest in their Processed Shares.

(c)

Step 3: Once the reversal is complete, WAM Active will arrange for the Processed Shares to be accepted into
the Offer and will notify the Processed Holder(s) once the legal and beneficial ownership of their Processed
Shares has been transferred to WAM Active.

(d)

Step 4: On receipt of WAM Active’s confirmation, the funds held on trust by the Processed Holder(s) are
automatically released and applied in satisfaction of WAM Active’s obligation to pay consideration under this
Offer.
Accordingly, if the Offer price is $0.069, the release of funds from trust will satisfy all payment obligations owed
by WAM Active under the Offer in respect of the Processed Shares. If the Offer price is greater than $0.069 per
KBC Share, the release of these funds from trust will satisfy some, but not all, of the payment obligations owed
by WAM Active under the Offer, in which case the additional consideration will be paid by cheque in accordance
with the Offer terms.

1.17.

Can I withdraw my Withdrawal/Acceptance Form?

The Withdrawal/Acceptance Form is irrevocable, it cannot be withdrawn. Processed Shares accepted into this Offer
cannot be withdrawn unless a reversal right arises under the Corporations Act (see 1.9 above).

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

15

For personal use only

2.

About WAM Active Limited

2.1.

Overview of WAM Active

WAM Active provides investors with access to Wilson Asset Management’s market-driven investment process, focused
on identifying market mispricing opportunities in the Australian equity market. The investment portfolio is actively
traded, and as such, opportunities are derived from initial public offerings, placements, block trades, rights issues,
corporate transactions (such as takeovers, mergers, schemes of arrangements, corporate spin offs and restructures),
arbitrage opportunities, LIC discount arbitrages, short selling and trading market themes and trends. WAM Active also
participates in investment opportunities that provide the company with a yield that is better than return on cash.

2.2.

Directors of WAM Active

The WAM Active Directors are:
(a)

Mr Geoffrey Wilson AO – Chairman;

(b)

Ms Katherine Thorley;

(c)

Ms Emma Rugge-Price; and

(d)

Ms Karina Kwan.

2.3.

Public announcements by WAM Active

WAM Active is a disclosing entity for the purposes of section 111AC(1) of the Corporations Act and as such, is subject to
regular reporting and disclosure obligations. Broadly, these obligations require WAM Active to:
(a)

prepare and lodge with the ASX both yearly and half-yearly financial statements accompanied by a directors’
statement and report and an audit or review report; and

(b)

immediately notify the ASX of any information concerning WAM Active of which it is, or becomes, aware and
which a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of securities in WAM
Active, subject to certain limited exceptions related mainly to confidential information.

Copies of documents lodged with ASIC in relation to WAM Active may be obtained from or inspected at an office of
ASIC. Copies of documents lodged with the ASX in relation to WAM Active may be obtained from the ASX’s website
(www.asx.com.au).

2.4.

Benefits for KBC Shareholders

The key benefit for KBC Shareholders accepting the Offer is that they will be able to immediately realise 6.9 cents per
KBC Share for all of their KBC Shareholding, in cash. KBC Shareholders seeking to exit their investment in KBC will
receive 6.9 cents cash per KBC Share they hold, representing a premium of approximately 29.0% to KBC’s NTA as at 29
February 2020, the last NTA disclosed by KBC prior to the date of this Bidder’s Statement.
KBC Shareholders who accept this Offer will no longer be exposed to the risks and uncertainties of remaining a KBC
Shareholder.
The Offer is on the same terms as WAM Active’s 3 January 2020 bid which the Takeover’s Panel found closed subject
to defeating conditions and therefore ensures that KBC Shareholders who had accepted into WAM Active’s 3 January
2020 bid are not disadvantaged.
KBC has commenced court proceedings seeking orders to have any Processed Shares that are not withdrawn vested in
ASIC for sale. WAM Active is concerned about the use of KBC Shareholder funds on litigation particularly when
alternative solutions are available.
See Sections 1.14-1.16 for details regarding how former KBC Shareholders that received payment for their Processed
Shares can exercise their reversal right and re-accept into this Offer.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

16

For personal use only

3.

About Keybridge Capital Limited

3.1.

Disclaimer

The following description of KBC and the financial information concerning KBC contained in this Section has been
prepared by WAM Active using publicly available information. To the extent permitted by law, WAM Active does not
make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the currency, accuracy or completeness of such
information.
The primary sources of information about KBC used by WAM Active are as follows:
(a)

annual and interim financial reports to KBC Shareholders;

(b)

announcements issued by KBC through the ASX; and

(c)

KBC’s website.

3.2.

Overview of KBC and its principal business activities

KBC is an investment and financial services group with a portfolio of listed and unlisted investments/loan assets
including private equity (US), life insurance (New Zealand), property and funds management sectors and strategic
holdings in HHY Fund (ASX:HHY), Molopo Energy Limited (ASX:MPO), Metgasco Limited (ASX: MEL) and Yowie Group
Limited (ASX:YOW).
KBC Shares have been suspended from trading since 16 July 2019. The ASX announced on 17 October 20192 June
2020 that KBC Shares will remain suspended pending the outcome of the ASX’s enquiries into, amongst other things,
issues in relation to KBC’s 2019 Financial Report. and 2020 Half Year Report and KBC’s $5 million payment made in
June 2019 to acquire an interest in Australian Community Media (a transaction KBC has since announced will not
complete). The full scope of the ASX’s enquiries are not publicly known. There is no certainty that normal trading of
KBC Shares will recommence or, if it does, when this might occur.
KBC Shares have historically traded at a significant discount to the last NTA disclosed by KBC. During the financial
years ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019, KBC Shares have traded at an average 30% discount to NTA.
20%
10%
0%
-10%
-20%
-30%
-40%
-50%
-60%
Jun-16

Sep-16

Dec-16

Mar-17

Jun-17

Sep-17

Dec-17

Mar-18

KBC Share price discount to NTA

Jun-18

Sep-18

Dec-18

Mar-19

Jun-19

Average discount

Source: KBC’s monthly Net Asset Backing reports, as announced to the ASX and IRESS.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

17

3.3.

Directors

For personal use only

As at the date of this Bidder's Statement, there are three directors of KBC, being:
(a)

Mr Nicholas Bolton – CEO, Managing Director;

(b)

Mr Jeremy Kriewaldt - non-executive director; and

(c)

Mr Frank Antony Catalano - non-executive director.

See page 879 for further information regarding the recent changes to the KBC Board.

3.4.

Major KBC Shareholders

Based on publicly available information on ASX, KBC currently has the following4 substantial shareholders as at the date
of this Bidder’s StatementOffer. These holders and their Relevant Interest in KBC Shares quoted on ASX are detailed
below:
Shares

% of KBC
Shares

Wilson Asset Management Group1

51,303,252

28.46%

2.

Australian Style Group Pty Ltd2

35,620,692

19.88%

3.

Bentley Capital Limited3

31,700,000

17.70%

4.

Catalano Super Investments Pty Limited4

19,275,000

10.76%

Rank

Name

1.

Notes:
1. The KBC Share numbers and percentage holdings are based on the Form 604 released by the Wilson Asset Management Group dated 15 April 2020. Of the
KBC Shares held, 5,864,898 are subject to voting restrictions for a period of 6 months from 9 April 2020. This total include 16,057,929 KBC Shares registered
in WAM Active’s name which were transferred to WAM Active as a result of WAM Active processing acceptances into its 3 January 2020 bid which the
Takeover’s Panel subsequently determined closed subject to defeating conditions. The former holders of these KBC Shares have a right to request the
transaction by which WAM Active acquired the Processed Shares be reversed and if they exercise this right (and do not accept the same KBC Shares into
this Offer), the number of KBC Shares registered in WAM Active’s name and WAM Active’s Relevant Interest, will decrease. As at the date of this Bidder’s
Statement, 1 Processed Holder has notified WAM Active that it will exercise its reversal right in respect of a total of 114,000 KBC Shares (this transfer is yet to
complete). See Sections 8.3 and 9.3 for more information regarding the orders of the Takeovers Panel which imposed the voting restrictions.
2. The KBC Share numbers and percentage holdings as at 31 October 2019 disclosed in KBC’s FY19 AnnualFinancial Report (updated only to reflect an increase
of 22 million KBC Shares on issue, as a result of the placement completed in February 2020). The percentage holding assumes Australian Style Group Pty Ltd
did not participate in the placement.
3. Bentley Capital Limited includes BEL and its associated entities, Scarborough Equities Pty Ltd, Orion Equities Limited (ASX:OEQ) and Queste
Communications Limited (ASX:QUE). The KBC Shares number and percentage holdings are based on the Form 604 released by these holders dated 19
February 2020. These KBC Shares were intended to beaccidently accepted into WAM Active’s offer dated 3 January 2020ADIT’s Offer, and are currentlywere
the subject of Takeover Panel proceedings (Keybridge Capital Limited 07 TP20/16).until 1 June 20205. Bentley announced on 4 June 2020 that in
accordance with the Takeover’s Panel’s orders6, on 21 May 2020 its inadvertent acceptance into ADIT’s Offer had been withdrawn.
4. Catalano Super Investments Pty Limited includes its associated entity, Anstef Pty Limited as trustee for the Anstef Trust (Catalano). The KBC Share numbers
and percentage holdings are based on the Form 603 issued by Catalano dated 19 February 2020. WAM Active notes that KBC announced on 2 June 2020

that Catalano would make a selective offer of the Processed Shares. As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, only 1 Processed Holder has intrusted
WAM Active to return their Processed Shares to it. This instruction pre-dated the announcement of Catalano’s Selective offer. See point 5 on page
1110 of the Bidder’s Statement for further details.

5
6

See Keybridge Capital Limited 07 media releases TP20/16 and TP20/036.
Keybridge Capital Limited 04, 05 & 06 media release TP20/024 and Keybridge Capital Limited 08R, 09R and 10R media release TP20/34.
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

18

3.5.

Overview of KBC’s historical financial performance

A summary of the historical consolidated financial performance of for the financial years ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and
2019, and the half-year ended 31 December 2019 are set out below:

For personal use only

A$’000

FY 2017

FY 2018

FY 2019

HY 2020

202

87

44

-

1,808

1,003

(76)

-

Reversal of impairment of loans and receivables

-

933

-

-

Excess of net assets over cost on acquisition

-

804

-

-

Additional consideration

-

-

386

-

62

88

52

(400)

(354)

170

58

(212)

Interest

747

694

449

157

Dividend

281

14

115

30

Other income

267

38

289

-

Total revenue/ Other income/ Other gains and losses

3,013

3,831

1,317

(425)

Unrealised loss on financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss

(534)

(6,135)

(1,175)

(1,333)

Share of Associate entity’s profit/(loss)

(299)

(761)

(783)

1,507

(6,036)

(809)

(463)

(333)

Personnel expenses

(646)

(524)

(520)

(381)

Corporate expenses

(1,111)

(1,659)

(1,156)

(659)

Administration expenses

(406)

(345)

(290)

(142)

Other expenses

(120)

(96)

(142)

(7)

Total expenses

(9,152)

(10,329)

(4,531)

(1,348)

(308)

(308)

(396)

(275)

(6,446)

(6,806)

(3,610)

(2,048)

-

-

-

-

(6,446)

(6,806)

(3,610)

(2,048)

Fees income
Realised gain on sale of investments

Unrealised gain on derivative liabilities
Gain/(loss) on revaluation of foreign currency assets

Impairment expenses

Finance expenses
Loss before tax
Income tax benefit/(expense)
Loss after tax attributable to members
Notes:

1. The above information has been drawn from the financial statements issued by KBC in respect of the financial years ending 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019, and
the 2020 Interim FinancialHalf Year Report.
2. KBC’s auditor was unable to provide an audit opinion in respect of KBC’s 2019 Financial Report. See pages 69 to 71 of KBC’s 2019 Financial Report for the
basis of Deloitte’s disclaimer of opinion.
3. As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, KBC’s 2020 Interim Financial Report remains subject to an audit or review by its auditorsKBC’s auditor provided a
qualified conclusion in respect of KBC’s 2020 Half Year Report. See pages 27 - 28 of KBC’s 2020 Half Year Report for the basis of Deloitte’s qualified
conclusion.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

19

A summary of the historical consolidated financial position of for the financial years ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019,
and the half-year ended 31 December 2019 are set out below:
FY 2017

FY 2018

FY 2019

HY 2020

1,414

5,008

1,549

3,208

11,836

7,278

7,057

3,765

Other assets

120

146

5,172

5,091

Receivables

407

421

377

436

13,778

12,854

14,155

12,499

Loans and receivables

11,835

5,086

5,023

4,971

Investment in Associate entity

2,584

2,082

1,302

-

Deferred tax asset

-

123

143

143

Property, plant and equipment

2

-

-

-

Total Non-Current Assets

14,421

7,291

6,468

5,114

Total Assets

28,199

20,144

20,622

17,613

360

320

1,679

715

-

-

-

7,602

360

320

1,679

8,317

4,141

4,053

7,600

-

-

123

143

143

Total Non-Current Liabilities

4,141

4,176

7,743

143

Total Liabilities

4,501

4,496

9,421

8,460

23,698

15,648

11,201

9,153

A$’000
Current Assets

For personal use only

Cash and cash equivalents
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Total Current Assets
Non-Current Assets

Current Liabilities
Payables
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Total Current Liabilities
Non-Current Liabilities
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
Deferred tax liability

Net Assets
Notes:

1. The above information has been drawn from the financial statements issued by KBC in respect of the financial years ending 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019 and
the 2020 Interim FinancialHalf Year Report.
2. KBC’s auditor was unable to provide an audit opinion in respect of KBC’s 2019 Financial Report. See pages 69 to 71 of KBC’s 2019 Financial Report for the
basis of Deloitte’s disclaimer of opinion.
3. As at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, KBC’s 2020 Interim Financial Report remains subject to an audit or review by its auditors.KBC’s auditor provided a
qualified conclusion in respect of KBC’s 2020 Half Year Report. See pages 27 - 28 of KBC’s 2020 Half Year Report for the basis of Deloitte’s qualified
conclusion.

Commentary on financial performance
During the financial years ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019 KBC has returned a total loss of $16.86 million. For the
half-year ended 31 December 2019, KBC incurred a further loss of $2.05 million.
KBC continues to incur considerable Operating Expenses, eroding KBC Shareholder value. During the financial years
ended 30 June 2017, 2018 and 2019, KBC has incurred Operating Expenses of in excess of $2 million per annum. For the
financial year ending 30 June 2019, KBC’s Operating Expenses were in excess of 18.8% of KBC’s NTA, of which over 40%
was paid to management, directors and related parties.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

20

For the half-year ended 31 December 2019, KBC incurred Operating Expenses of $1.19 million, being $2.38 million
annualised over the 30 June 2020 financial year and representing 24.8% of KBC’s stated NTA as at 29 February 2020.

3.6 ASX announcements

For personal use only

KBC is a disclosing entity for the purposes of section 111AC(1) of the Corporations Act and as such, is subject to regular
reporting and disclosure obligations. Broadly, these obligations require KBC to:
(a)

prepare and lodge with ASIC both yearly and half-yearly financial statements accompanied by a directors’
statement and report and an audit or review report; and

(b)

immediately notify the ASX of any information concerning KBC of which it is, or becomes, aware and which a
reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of securities in KBC, subject to
certain limited exceptions related mainly to confidential information.

Copies of documents lodged with ASIC in relation to KBC may be obtained from or inspected at an office of ASIC.
Copies of documents lodged with the ASX in relation to KBC may be obtained from, or inspected at, an office of the ASX.
Since the lodgement of its 2020 Interim Financial Report for the half-year ended 31 December 2019 on 2 March 2020,
KBC has issued the following announcements to the ASX:
Date

Announcement

29/06/2020

KBC: Keybridge intention to scrip-bid RNY Property Trust

29/06/2020

Keybridge intention to scrip-bid RNY Property Trust

29/06/2020

HHY: ADIT Bid Update

29/06/2020

Notice of ceasing to be a substantial holder from HHY

29/06/2020

Update on investment

29/06/2020

WAM Active Processed Shares Clarification

22/06/2020

Investment in Yowie - Update

16/06/2020

Appendix 3F - Final Buy-Back Notice - KBC

16/06/2020

Appendix 3F - Final Buy-Back Notice - KBCPA - CRP Notes

16/06/2020

BEL: Further Update on Shareholding in Keybridge Capital Ltd

11/06/2020

Dividend/Distribution - KBCPA

5/06/2020

WAA: KBC litigation and deficient related party offer

4/06/2020

BEL: Update on Shareholding in Keybridge Capital Limited

2/06/2020

Suspension from Official Quotation - Continuation

2/06/2020

Update on investment

2/06/2020

Keybridge commences legal proceedings against WAM Active

2/06/2020

Select shareholders receive 7c off-market offer

1/06/2020

T/overs Panel: KBC Panel Application Withdrawn

20/05/2020

TOV: KBC-Review Panel Affirms Initial Panel's Dec and Orders

14/05/2020

TOV: KBC Panel Makes Interim Orders

8/05/2020

Half Year Report - 31 December 2019 Audit Reviewed

6/05/2020

WAA: Notice of Intention to Remove & Appoint KBC Directors

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

21

For personal use only

Date

Announcement

29/04/2020

WAM Active Bid - Take no action

29/04/2020

Notice of substantial holding from WAA

28/04/2020

WAA: WAM Active bids for Keybridge Capital Limited

28/04/2020

WAM Active bids for Keybridge Capital Limited

28/04/2020

WAA: Off-Market Takeover Bid for Keybridge Capital Ltd (KBC)

20/04/2020

Change of Director's Interest Notice - Nicholas Bolton

20/04/2020

Final Director's Interest Notice - William Johnson

20/04/2020

Initial Director's Interest Notice - Antony Catalano

17/04/2020

General Meeting Voting Results

17/04/2020

Director Appointment - Antony Catalano

16/04/2020

KBC 09R & 10R - Panel Receives Review Applications

16/04/2020

TOV: KBC 09R & 10R - Panel Receives Review Applications

16/04/2020

TOV: KBC 09R & 10R - Panel Receives Review Applications

15/04/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAM

15/04/2020

Change in substantial holding for KBC

15/04/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAA

15/04/2020

Change in substantial holding for KBC

14/04/2020

KBC 08R - Panel Receives Review Application / Interim Orders

14/04/2020

KBC 08R - Panel Receives Review Application / Interim Orders

14/04/2020

T/O Panel: KBC 08R - Panel Receives Review Application

14/04/2020

T/O Panel: KBC 08R - Panel Receives Review Application

9/04/2020

KBC - Orders

9/04/2020

TOV: KBC - Orders

9/04/2020

TOV: KBC - Orders

9/04/2020

Shareholder Meeting location change due to COVID-19 pandemic

07/04/2020

TOV: KBC - Declaration of Unacceptable Circumstances

07/04/2020

Change in substantial holding from HHY

07/04/2020

HHY: ADIT Bid for Keybridge Closed

30/03/2020

HHY: ADIT Second Supplementary Bidder's Statement

27/03/2020

HHY: ADIT Takeover bid for KBC-notice of status of conditions

27/03/2020

HHY: ADIT Takeover bid for KBC - confirms 7.0 cents

26/03/2020

Target's Statement response Aurora Dividend Income Trust Bid

25/03/2020

Keybridge calls Molopo shareholders' meeting

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

22

For personal use only

Date

Announcement

24/03/2020

HHY: ADIT 7.0 cent takeover bid for KBC

17/03/2020

TOV: KBC Panel Receives Application

16/03/2020

Notice of General Meeting/Proxy Form

13/03/2020

TOV: KBC Acting President Makes Interim Orders

13/03/2020

ADIT declares bid for KBC free from defeating conditions

12/03/2020

BEL: Update on Acceptance into Takeover Bid for KBC

12/03/2020

TOV: KBC Panel Receives Application

12/03/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAM

12/03/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAA

12/03/2020

Becoming substantial holder from HHY

11/03/2020

TOV: KBC Acting President Makes Interim Orders

10/03/2020

Off-Market Takeover Bid for Keybridge Capital Limited

09/03/2020

HHY: KBC Bidders Statement Updated

06/03/2020

Dividend/Distribution - KBCPA

05/03/2020

HHY: KBC Supplementary Bidders Statement

03/03/2020

HHY: KBC Takeover Bid Update

03/03/2020

WAM Active Bid Update

03/03/2020

BEL: Update on Investment in Keybridge Capital Limited

02/03/2020

WAA: WAM Active takeover bid for KBC is now unconditional

02/03/2020

WAA: Takeover bid for KBC - notice of freeing of conditions

02/03/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAA

02/03/2020

Change in substantial holding from WAM

02/03/2020

Half Year Report - 31 December 2019 Unaudited

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

23

4.

WAM Active’s intentions

4.1.

General

For personal use only

This Section sets out WAM Active’s intentions in relation to:
(a)

the continuation of KBC’s business;

(b)

any significant changes to be made to KBC’s business, including any redeployment of KBC’s assets; and

(c)

the future employment of KBC’s employees.

WAM Active’s intentions are based on the information known, and the circumstances that exist, at the date of this
Bidder's Statement.
WAM Active has reviewed information in the public domain concerning KBC, its business and the general business
environment in which it operates. Based on its review of that material, and on its current assessment of KBC’s
operations, WAM Active’s intentions in relation to KBC are summarised below. Statements set out in this Section are
statements of current intention only which may change as new information becomes available or circumstances change.

4.2.

Strategic Review

As WAM Active does not currently have access to all material information, facts and circumstances which it considers
necessary to assess the operational, commercial, taxation and financial implications of its current intentions, final
decisions on these matters have not been made. Upon completion of the Offer, WAM Active proposes to conduct a
review of KBC’s strategy, operations, activities, assets and employees of KBC in light of the information which then
becomes available to it (Strategic Review).
This Strategic Review is expected to focus on matters which have not been publicly disclosed, the various concerns
raised by Deloitte in KBC’s 2019 Financial Report and KBC’s Half Year Report as well as exploring avenues for returning
capital to KBC Shareholders.
WAM Active’s current intentions in relation to the employees and directors of KBC are set out below. At this stage no
decision has been made to support the continuation of KBC’s investment strategy, nor has a decision made to retain or
dispose of any assets held by KBC.
Final decisions will only be reached in light of all material facts and circumstances. Accordingly, the statements set out
in this Section are statements of current intention only which may change as new information becomes available or
circumstances change.

4.3.

WAM Active’s intentions upon controlling 90% or more of KBC Shares

This Section sets out WAM Active’s intentions if it controls 90% or more of KBC Shares and becomes entitled to
proceed to compulsory acquisition of KBC Shares under the Corporations Act.
(a)

WAM Active currently intends to proceed to compulsory acquire the remaining KBC Shares;

(b)

WAM Active will seek to remove KBC from the Official List of the ASX;

(c)

WAM Active intends to terminate the employment of KBC’s employees and replace all KBC directors with
nominees of the Wilson Asset Management Group, although as at the date of this Bidder’s Statement, it has not
made any decision as to who would be nominated for appointmentMessrs Geoff Wilson AO, Jesse Hamilton and
Martyn McCathie; and

(d)

WAM Active intends to undertake the Strategic Review.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

24

4.4.

WAM Active’s intentions upon acquiring effective control of KBC

This Section sets out WAM Active’s intentions if, by virtue of acceptance of the Offer, it was to gain effective control of
KBC without becoming entitled to compulsorily acquire the outstanding KBC Shares.

For personal use only

If WAM Active acquires a Relevant Interest in KBC Shares that is sufficient for it to control the passage of ordinary
resolutions but is less than 90%, its current intentions are as set out below.
(a)

KBC will become a controlled entity of WAM Active;

(b)

WAM Active intends to undertake the Strategic Review;

(c)

subject to the Corporations Act, WAM Active intends to terminate the employment of KBC’s employees and
replace all directors with nominees of the Wilson Asset Management Group although as at the date of this
Bidder’s Statement, it has not made any decision as to who would be nominated for appointment, Messrs Geoff
Wilson AO, Jesse Hamilton and Martyn McCathie;

(d)

WAM Active may seek to remove KBC from the Official List of the ASX;

(e)

WAM Active may, at some later time, acquire further KBC Shares in a manner consistent with the Corporations
Act;

(f)

if WAM Active becomes entitled at some later time to exercise general compulsory acquisition rights under Part
6A.2 of the Corporations Act, it may exercise those rights; and.

WAM Active intends to undertake the activities referred to in this Section 4.4 to the extent permitted by its control of
KBC.

4.5.

WAM Active’s intentions upon not acquiring effective control

If WAM Active does not achieve effective control of KBC, to the extent possible through its non-controlling holding of
KBC, WAM Active will endeavour to give effect to the intentions set out in Section 4.4. However, if WAM Active acquires
a Relevant Interest in KBC Shares that is insufficient for it to control the passage of ordinary resolutions at a general
meeting, WAM Active considers that its ability to effect the intentions set out in Section 4.4 will be significantly limited.
WAM Active may consider acquiring additional KBC Shares under the “creep” provisions of Item 9 in section 611 of the
Corporations Act (which provides that WAM Active and its Associates may acquire up to 3% of KBC Shares every 6
months) until it achieves a controlling Voting Power. WAM Active has not yet decided whether it will acquire further
KBC Shares as this will depend upon the extent to which WAM Active has the capacity to acquire further KBC Shares
and market conditions at that time. Further, WAM Active would have regard to any Takeover’s Panel or court orders
that might apply. This includes the Takeover’s Panel’s order that until 9 October 2020 would prevent WAM Active from
exercising voting rights in respect of further KBC Shares it acquires other than under this Offer.

4.6.

Limitations on intentions

The intentions and statements of future conduct set out in this Section 44 must be read as being subject to:
(a)

the law (including the Corporations Act) and the Listing Rules, including in particular the requirements of the
Corporations Act and the Listing Rules in relation to conflicts of interest and “related party” transactions given
that, if WAM Active gains control of KBC but does not acquire all of the KBC Shares, it will be treated as a related
party of KBC for these purposes;

(b)

the legal obligation of the KBC directors at the time, including any nominees of WAM Active, to act in good faith
and in the best interests of KBC and for proper purposes and to have regard to the interest of all KBC
Shareholders; and

(c)

the outcome of the Strategic Review.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

25

For personal use only

5.

Sources of Offer consideration

5.1.

Consideration under the Offer

TheAt the Offer Price, the maximum total amount that WAM Active would be required to payconsideration for KBC
Shares if WAM Active acquires all of the KBC Shares on issue on the date of this Bidder's Statement in which it (other
than the 35,245,323 KBC Shares WAM Active and its Associates do not have a Relevant Interest at the Offer Price is and
that are not the subject of reversal rights ordered by the Takeover’s Panel), would be approximately $10.5 million7.
In respect of former KBC Shareholders that exercise their reversal right and accept into this Offer, the consideration
already paid by WAM Active for their KBC Shares will be deemed to satisfy WAM Active’s payment obligations under
this Offer. This reduces the maximum possible cash required by WAM Active to fully fund the Offer to approximately
$9.4 million9.
The Offer extends to KBC Shares issued on conversion of CRPNs before the end of the Offer Period. If 3,766,945 CRPNs,
being all CRPNs not held by WAM Active and its Associates, are converted by KBC into KBC Shares before the end of
the Offer Period, to total amount WAM Active would be required to pay for these newly issued KBC Shares would be
approximately $3.8.8 million, increasing the total maximum cash required by WAM Active to fully fund the Offer
(excluding the amounts already funded per paragraph 2) to approximately $13.2 million9.
The total cash consideration payable by WAM Active as described in this Section 5 excludes any costs payable by WAM
Active in relation to the Offer.

5.2.

Financial position of WAM Active

As at 31 MarchMay 2020, the investment portfolio of WAM Active is comprised of 33.714.0% cash ($125.9m) and 66.3%
in ), with the remaining 86.0% predominately comprised of liquid investments (net of short positions) listed on the ASX.
WAM Active currently has sufficient cash reserves to fund the total cash consideration under the Offer and the
expected Offer costs. WAM Actives WAM Active’s portfolio is predominately comprised of highly liquid investments,
which WAM Active can liquidate at short notice ifas required.
Should WAM Active’s cash reserves, as a result of normal business activities over the Offer Period, be insufficient to fully
fund the total cash consideration and costs of the Offer, WAM Active will liquidate assets in order to fund the balance of
the to fund the Offer consideration and/or costs.
WAM Active has sufficient cash reserves and liquid investments to fund the total cash consideration under the Offer
and the expected Offer costs.

5.3.

WAM Active funding

The Offer is not subject to a financing condition.
WAM Active estimates that the total transaction costs associated with the Offer (other than the Offer Price payable for
all KBC Shares) are not expected to exceed $100,000.
WAM Active intends to fund the cash consideration under the Offer using available cash reserves.

7

This section discloses is the maximum possible Offer consideration. Accordingly the total consideration disclosed in this section includes $621,000 in respect
of the 9 million Executive Share Plan shares, the full terms of which have not been disclosed. Note that, this additional amount would only be payable if these
shares are in fact KBC Shares capable of acceptance into the Offer. WAM Active understands that this is not the case and that these shares do not form part of
the bid class (KBC’s public records state that these shares are not fully paid and are a different class of security to KBC Shares). See Section 8 for further details.
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

26

6.

Risk factors

6.1.

Risk factors associated with selling KBC Shares

For personal use only

KBC Shareholders who accept the Offer will receive cash as their Offer Consideration. Those who accept the Offer will
no longer be exposed to the risks associated with KBC’s operations and investment portfolio.
Investors should appreciate that owning KBC Shares involves various risks which can be broadly categorised into risks
relating to the Offer, general investment risks and specific business risks.
Each of these broad categories are outlined below in the following sections.

6.2.

Risks relating to the Offer

The following risk factors may arise as a result of the Offer and the acquisition of KBC Shares by WAM Active.

KBC information
In preparing the information on KBC included in this Bidder’s Statement, WAM Active has relied only on publicly
available information. WAM Active has not had direct access to KBC’s directors or its auditors. KBC’s auditor Deloitte
issued a disclaimer of opinion in relation to the 2019 Financial Report. At the date of this Bidder’s Statement, KBC’s 2020
Interim Financial Report remains the subject of independent review by Deloitte. In respect of the 2019 Financial Report,
Deloitte noted their inability to satisfy themselves as to the integrity of KBC’s books.Deloitte issued a qualified
conclusion in relation to KBC’s 2020 Half Year Report.
It is possible that additional risks may exist in relation to KBC’s operations that are unknown to WAM Active.

Minority Shareholders in KBC
If you do not accept the Offer you may, depending on the level of acceptance of the Offer, become part of a minority in
KBC. In such a case, the liquidity of KBC Shares may be further diminished (if KBC Shares return to normal trading on
the ASX).

Taxation risks
Tax liabilities are the responsibility of each individual shareholder, and WAM Active is not responsible either for taxation
or penalties incurred by KBC Shareholders. KBC Shareholders, including Processed Holders, that exercise their right to
withdraw and either retain ownership of their KBC Shares, or accept them into the Offer. KBC Shareholders, including
Processed Holders should consult their own taxation advisers to ascertain the tax implications of their investment.

Taxation considerations
The effects of taxation can be complex and may change over time. A summary of the current Australian income tax
implications associated with acceptance of the Offer is outlined in Section 77. However, this summary is general in
nature and the circumstances for each KBC Shareholder and Processed Holder will vary. KBC Shareholders, including
Processed Holders, should seek professional taxation advice in relation to their own position.
This list is not exhaustive and KBC Shareholders and Processed Holders, should read this Bidder’s Statement in full. If
KBC Shareholders, including Processed Holders require further information on these risks, they should seek professional
advice.

Ability to exercise effective control
WAM Active may acquire the ability to effectively control all decisions regarding KBC’s future operations. This will be
dependent upon factors such as the level of acceptances of the Offer and any other KBC Shares that may be acquired
by WAM Active and its Associates in accordance with the Corporations Act.

Potential impact on subsequent bids
WAM Active’s shareholding may become of such a size that a third party would not be able to successfully make a
takeover bid for KBC without the support of WAM Active.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

27

6.3.

Specific risks relating to retaining KBC Shares

An outline of some of the general business risks facing KBC are as set out below:

For personal use only

Risk on KBC’s investments
KBC may invest in unlisted entities, entities with a limited trading history or entities with a small capital base. These
investments may pose greater risk than investments in larger capitalised entities or entities on other market sectors.
While the development of sound risk management procedures and sound due diligence can minimise the risks of
investment in such entities, the risks are material and significant.

COVID-19 risk
As disclosed in its target’s statement dated 25 March 2020 in response to the ADIT Offer, KBC’s stated NTA as at 29
February 2020 has been impacted by the subsequent stock market turmoil arising out of COVID-19 which may result in
material decline in its NTA. Market conditions are likely to continue to be volatile due to continue for the near future.
KBC’s NTA and value of its investments may continue to diminish materially under the current market and economic
climate.
Remaining as a KBC Shareholder will expose you to these risks and uncertainties. At present, the KBC Board has stated
that it is unable to ascertain what the likely outcome of recent market movements on the value of KBC’s quoted assets.
The KBC Board may not value these assets further until it prepares the financial report in respect of FY2020 (after 30
June 2020). KBC has warned that “unless there are substantial upwards movements in share prices [between March
and 30 June 2020], some of the valuations of these assets could diminish materially” (as contained in KBC’s target’s
statement dated 25 March 2020 in response to the ADIT Offer).

Business Risk
The profitability and success of KBC is highly dependent on the ability of its directors and executives to assess business
risks and make appropriate investment decisions. No guarantee can be given in respect to future earnings of KBC or the
earnings and capital appreciation of its investments.

Corporate governance risks
KBC Shareholders should consider the corporate governance risks and ongoing uncertainty arising out of matters such
as KBC’s long standing suspension, Deloitte’s inability to opine on the last two financial accounts released by KBC (i.e.
the 2019 Financial Report and the 2020 Interim FinancialHalf Year Report) and the multiple changes to KBC’s board
composition over the last 12 months. See the Chairman’s letter and page 879 for further information regarding each of
these matters.

Financing and capital
KBC’s continued ability to implement effectively its business strategy over time may depend in part on its ability to raise
additional funds. In addition, it is not clear whether KBC has sufficient funds to repay / redeem the CRPNs still on issue.
There can be no assurance that any equity or debt funding will be available to Keybridge on favourable terms or at all in
the future.

Liquidity risk
KBC Shares have been suspended from trading on the ASX since 16 July 2019. As announced on 17 October 20192
June 2020, KBC Shares will remain suspended pending the outcome of the ASX’s enquiries into, amongst other things,
issues in relation to KBC’s 2019 Financial Report, 2020 Half Year Report and the $5 million payment made by KBC in
June 2019 to acquire an interest in Australian Community Media, a transaction KBC announced on 29 June 2020 will
never settle.
There is no certainty that the trading of KBC Shares will resume on ASX.

6.4.

General risks relating to retaining KBC Shares

An outline of some of the general business risks facing KBC are as set out below:
KBC Shareholders should be aware that retaining KBC Shares involves various risks. There are general risks associated
with owning securities in publicly listed companies. The price of securities can go down as well as up due to factors
outside the control of KBC. These factors include Australian and worldwide economic and political stability, natural
disaster, performance of the Australian stock market as a whole, and Australian interest rates, foreign exchange,
taxation and labour relations environments.
WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

28

These are risks that are considered beyond the control of KBC.

Interest rate risks

For personal use only

The financial performance of KBC may be affected by fluctuations in interest rates. Failure to mitigate such risks and
fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on KBC’s business, financial position or financial
performance.

Credit risk
KBC is exposed to credit risk in the event that a counterparty fails to meet its contractual obligations in relation to KBC’s
investments or deposits with banks and other financial institutions.

Macroeconomic risks
The general state of the Australian and international economy as well as changes in taxation, monetary policy, interest
rates, statutory requirements and currency exchange rates may influence the financial performance of KBC, and may
affect the value of KBC Shares.

Regulatory changes
Changes to the regulatory environment, including the ASX, the Corporations Act and ASIC policy and their commercial
application, may have a material adverse effect on a KBC Shareholder’s investment in KBC Shares or otherwise have a
material adverse effect on KBC’s business and financial position.

Market volatility
The stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations, which may be unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. Volatility and changes in market prices of investments KBC has
an interest in, will affect KBC’s profitability.
If trading in KBC Shares on ASX recommences (there is no certainty that this will occur), the market price of KBC
Shares may be volatile and may go down, as well as up. Factors that may have a significant impact on the market price
and marketability of KBC Shares include announcements as to new acquisitions or investment opportunities,
government regulation, variation in interest rates, the activities of any competitors, economic and other external factors,
as well as fluctuations in KBC’s operating results.

6.5.

Note on risk factors

The above list of general and specific risk factors should not be taken as exhaustive of the risks faced by KBC or by KBC
Shareholders. The above factors, and others not specifically referred to above, may in the future materially affect the
financial performance of KBC and the value of the KBC Shares.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

29

For personal use only

7.

Tax considerations

7.1.

General

The following is a summary of the principal Australian tax consequences generally applicable to KBC Shareholders who
dispose of their KBC Shares under the Offer for cash consideration. In this section, KBC Shareholders includes
Processed Holders that accept into the Offer. These consequences will depend on the individual circumstances of KBC
Shareholders. You should make your own ienquiries and seek independent professional advice on your circumstances.
The comments set out below are relevant only to those KBC Shareholders who hold their KBC Shares as capital assets
for the purpose of investment and who do not (or would not) hold those KBC Shares in connection with the conduct of
a business. Certain KBC Shareholders (such as those engaged in a business of trading or investment, those who
acquired their KBC Shares for the purpose of resale at a profit or those which are banks, insurance companies, tax
exempt organisations, superannuation funds or persons who acquired their KBC Shares in the course of their
employment with KBC) will or may be subject to special or different tax consequences specific to their circumstances.
The following outline is based upon Australian taxation law and practice in effect as at the date of this Bidder's
Statement. It is not intended to be an authoritative or complete statement or analysis of the taxation laws applicable to
the particular circumstances of every KBC Shareholder. KBC Shareholders should seek independent professional advice
regarding the taxation consequences of disposing of KBC Shares in the light of their own particular circumstances.

7.2.

Australian resident KBC Shareholders

If you accept the Offer, you will be treated as having disposed of your KBC Shares. If you held them on capital account
and you dispose of them, such a disposal is likely to constitute a CGT event for CGT purposes. Australian resident KBC
Shareholders may make a capital gain or capital loss on the disposal of a KBC Share under the Offer.
In general, the capital gain or loss on the disposal of a KBC Share under the Offer is the difference between the value of
the capital proceeds (i.e. the cash consideration received from WAM Active) and the cost base of the KBC Share. The
cost base of KBC Shares is generally their cost of acquisition or deemed cost of acquisition. Certain other amounts
associated with acquisition and disposal, such as brokerage or stamp duty, may be added to the cost base.
Capital gains and capital losses of a taxpayer in a year of income are aggregated to determine whether there is a net
capital gain. Capital gains made during an income year are reduced by any capital losses made during that same income
year. This may be reduced further by capital losses carried forward from prior years. A ‘CGT Discount' may be available
to reduce further the taxable gain for certain KBC Shareholders (see further below). The remaining net capital gain is
included as assessable income in your income tax return and is subject to income tax at your marginal tax rate in the
year in which you dispose of the KBC Shares. A net capital loss may be carried forward to be offset against future capital
gains (not against other income for income tax purposes).
A KBC Shareholder who is an individual, complying superannuation entity or trustee of a trust may be eligible for a ‘CGT
Discount' if they acquired (or are deemed to have acquired) their KBC Shares at least 12 months before the time they
accept the Offer. The CGT Discount is not available to companies, nor does it apply to KBC Shares owned (or deemed
to be owned) for less than the relevant 12 month period.

WAM Active Limited
Bidder’s Statement

wilsonassetmanagement.com.au
ABN 49 126 420 719

30

7.3.

Non-resident KBC Shareholders

For personal use only

KBC Shareholders who are not resident in Australia for tax purposes should also c