ASX RELEASE

For personal use only

6 JULY 2020
Kleos Development Technology Launch Update
Kleos Space S.A. (ASX: KSS, Frankfurt: KS1) (Kleos, or Company), space-powered Radio Frequency
Reconnaissance data provider, had integrated new data collecting technology (software defined radio
payload) in an In-Space Missions Ltd (In-Space) Faraday-1 spacecraft launched from New Zealand by
Rocket Lab on 4 July 2020 (5 July AEST) as part of the Company’s R&D programme. The mission did
not complete successfully.
Following a successful lift-off, first stage burn, and stage separation, Rocket Lab experienced an
anomaly during its 13th Electron mission.
The issue occurred approximately four minutes into the flight and resulted in the safe loss of the
vehicle but Faraday-1, the satellite hosting the Kleos technology was not deployed to orbit. Kleos will
assess any financial or time impact to the Kleos R&D roadmap over the coming weeks.
The in-orbit test for the technology was part of the Company’s R&D programme and has no effect on
the Scouting Mission Satellites which are ready for launch at the Sriharikota Range in India on a Polar
Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV). PSLV is a proven, highly reliable expendable medium-lift launch
vehicle operated by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO).
Andy Bowyer, CEO of Kleos Space, said: “Our satellites remain safe in India awaiting launch on PSLV
C49. Launch failures, whilst rare, do occur but our R&D programme is robust with momentum building
across a range of technologies. Clearly, we are disappointed not to get this technology development
into orbit right now, but we all know getting to Space is hard which is one of the reasons it’s such a
valuable thing to do.
For our colleagues at In-Space, who have worked tirelessly on their Faraday-1 mission this launch
failure will be a massive disappointment and I wholeheartedly thank them for their efforts and look
forward to working with them in getting back to orbit as soon as possible.
We remain excited about getting our first data and revenues upon the successful launch of our
Scouting Mission satellites from India.”
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer.
For further information, please contact:
Europe

Australia

Kleos Space S.A.
26, rue des Gaulois - L-1618
Luxembourg

MMR Corporate Services Pty Ltd
Level 2, 131 Macquarie Street
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia

P: +352 2088 2290
E: Andy.bowyer@kleosglobal.com

P: +61 2 9251 7177
E: Kleos@mmrcorporate.com

Kleos Space S.A.- 26, rue des Gaulois - L-1618 Luxembourg - ARBN 625 668 733 / RCS B215591

1

For personal use only

About Kleos Space S.A.
Kleos Space S.A. (ASX: KSS) is a space enabled, activity-based intelligence, data as a service company
based in Luxembourg. Kleos Space aims to guard borders, protect assets and save lives by delivering
global activity-based intelligence and geolocation as a service. The first Kleos Space satellite system,
known as Kleos Scouting Mission (KSM), will deliver commercially available data and perform as a
technology demonstration. KSM will be the keystone for a later global high capacity constellation. The
Scouting Mission will deliver targeted daily services with the full constellation delivering near-realtime
global observation – www.kleos.space.
About In-Space Missions Ltd.
In-Space Missions brings together experience and innovation to create space businesses through
collaboration and in-orbit demonstration. It develops new space and ‘newspace’ missions and
provides consultancy and procurement support to the space sector. In-Space operates globally and
has collaborated with or supported over 40 newspace, traditional space, institutional, financial,
academic and government organisations since its inception in 2015. In-Space provides Space as a
Service capability (Faraday), is developing an AR/VR immersive real-time video from space service,
and has developed a number of platform technology products - https://in-space.co.uk/ https://www.faradaymission.space/ .

Kleos Space S.A.- 26, rue des Gaulois - L-1618 Luxembourg - ARBN 625 668 733 / RCS B215591

2

