ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 6 July 2020
ASX: MBK

For personal use only

Latest 8 Mile drilling supports Exploration Target
Located 18 km along strike from the 2 Moz Mt Rawdon goldmine, Flori’s Find
deposit offers strong potential for further growth
 Six hole reverse circulation drilling program completed at Floris Find

prospect down dip and along strike of maiden inferred Mineral Resource 1

 Extension drilling 50m down-dip returned 6m @ 2.52 g/t Au
 Mineralisation confirmed for at least 250m along strike
 Results support the Exploration Target of 3.6 Mt to 5.1 Mt grading 1.60 to
2.14 g/t Au for a total of 180,000 to 335,000 oz Au 2
 Mineralisation appears closer to potential bulk tonnage intrusion source
target than previously recognized
Metal Bank Limited (ASX: MBK) (‘Metal Bank’, ‘MBK’ or the ‘Company’) is pleased to report
the results of a six hole reverse circulation (RC) drilling program for a total of 750m on the Flori’s
Find gold deposit at the 8 Mile Project in southeast Queensland, Australia (refer Figure 4).
The drill program was aimed at evaluating the extension to near surface mineralisation at Flori’s
Find, both down dip and northwards along strike of the maiden Inferred Mineral Resource of
195,000t @ 2.4g/t Au which forms the basis for the Flori’s Find Exploration Target of 3.6 to 5.1
Mt grading between 1.60 - 2.14 g/t Au for a total of 180,000 to 355,000 oz Au using a nominal
1 g/t Au cut-off 3. It should be noted that the potential quantity and grade of the Exploration
Target is conceptual in nature. There is insufficient drilling information beyond the initial drill
section completed in 2019 to estimate a Mineral Resource over the Exploration Target area and
it is uncertain if further exploration will result in the estimation of a Mineral Resource over this
area.
The drill results confirm down dip and strike extensions to the Inferred Mineral Resource in
support of the Exploration Target. Drill-hole ETRC022 returned 6m @ 2.52 g/t Au from 140m,
intersecting mineralisation 75m down-dip from previous drilling of 16m @ 1.96 g/t Au from
69m in ETRC020 4 (Figure 1).

1

ASX-MBK Release 23 April 2020

2

ASX:MBK Release 23 April 2020

3

ASX:MBK Release 23 April 2020

4

ASX:MBK Release 7 November 2019

Page |1

Metal Bank Limited ABN 51 127 297 170 Suite 506 Level 5 50 Clarence Street Sydney NSW 2000

For personal use only

Figure 1: Flori’s Find down dip extension confirmed in ETRC022 with exploration Target depicting the Mineral Resource at 1
g/t Au cut-off and Exploration Target extent in leakage structures with respect to the conceptual bulk tonnage intrusion at
depth.

Initial step out drilling along the strike extension 80m to the northeast returned
4m @ 1.63 g/t Au from 80m and drill-hole ETRC025 returned 5m @ 1.44 g/t Au from 74m,
240m to the northeast (Refer Figure 3). These results are highly encouraging, as the equivalent
drill-hole position within the section used in defining the Mineral Resource is drill-hole ETRC004
which returned 2m @ 1.60 g/t Au from 55m.
Confidence continues to build for the potential for bulk-tonnage style gold mineralisation on
the Eastern Target. Mineralisation remains open down-dip and northeast along strike and is
now interpreted to be much closer to a potential bulk tonnage intrusion source than previously
recognised. This is due to the strong correlation between gold mineralisation and broad zones
of anomalous molybdenum in a number of drill-holes. Examples include 18m @ 409 ppm Mo
in drill-hole ETRC04 and 6m @ 310 ppm Mo in drill-hole ETRC022 using a 100 ppm Mo cut-off
grade (Refer Figure 2 and for locations of ETRC004 and ETRC022 refer Figure 1).
This close correlation without a discernible drop in gold grade confirms molybdenum as the key
exploration guide for following mineralisation down into the source intrusion with the aim of
intersecting broader zones of Au-Mo mineralisation.

Page |2

For personal use only

Figure 2: Example of direct correlation between Au and Mo mineralisation recognised at Flori’s Find as evidence for being
close to source intrusion. Refer to Figure 1 and Figure 3 for location of ETRC022.

Executive Chair, Inés Scotland, said:
“These results now enable MBK to embark on a two-pronged exploration strategy at Flori’s Find.
With mineralisation confirmed as continuing along strike we can now work at expanding the
surface Mineral Resource. We may be closer to a bulk tonnage intrusion source than previously
thought, which provides the impetus to continue drilling down the main structure with the aim
of intersecting broad zones of gold-molybdenum mineralisation in the main intrusion.”

Page |3

For personal use only
Figure 3: Flori’s Find Inferred Mineral Resource and Exploration Target area surface expression.

Page |4

For personal use only

Introduction
MBK’s 8 Mile, Eidsvold and Triumph gold projects are situated in the northern New England
Fold Belt of central Queensland, which also hosts the Cracow (3 Moz Au), Mt Rawdon
(2 Moz Au), Mt Morgan (8 Moz Au, 0.4 Mt Cu) and Gympie (5 Moz Au) gold deposits. Refer to
Figure 4.

Figure 4: Location of Metal Bank Limited gold projects including 8 Mile project

The 8 Mile project (EPM26945) is 100% owned by Roar Resources Pty Ltd, a wholly owned
subsidiary of MBK and is located 18km northeast of the Mt Rawdon goldmine.
The Flori’s Find prospect along with the Perry Prospect together represent the Eastern Target
of the 8 Mile Project. Geology of the Eastern Target comprises mainly Good Night Beds, a
package of metamorphic sandstones and phyllites. A locally faulted corridor within the Good
Night Beds has been intruded by unaltered to extensively altered Triassic age felsic intrusive
rocks interpreted to represent high level emplacement characteristic of a sub-volcanic level
intrusive related gold system. These types of systems typically occur in diatreme / vent breccias
which form within 1 to 2km from surface. Refer to Figure 5 for where 8 Mile Project is
positioned relative to known IRGS deposit styles.

Page |5

For personal use only

Figure 5: IRGS deposit style showing 8 Mile Project as a sub-volcanic intrusion related gold system

Mineralisation at the Eastern Target is expressed at surface along a 3.6km north-northeast
corridor defined in soil geochemistry (Figure 6). Flori’s Find and Perry prospects are located
along this corridor and ore geometries defined in drilling beneath soil geochemistry anomalies
at both prospects dip towards the west at 30 to 40 degrees. There is good evidence in the data
to suggest that both prospects are linked and interpreted to occur due to leakage of
mineralising fluids out from a buried intrusion or intrusions.
Gold mineralisation at the Perry Prospect, located 2km to the north of Flori’s Find returned up
to 12m @ 2.1 g/t Au from 4m and 36m @ 1.2 g/t Au from 36m in MBK drilling in 2019 5. The
mineralisation is intimately associated with intensely altered felsic intrusives and elevated
levels of arsenic indicative of the outer leakage zone relative to a source intrusion.
Mineralisation intersected in drilling remains open in all directions and further potential exists
for a bulk tonnage target to the immediate west of existing drilling, which is yet to be assessed.

5

ASX:MBK Release 23 July 2019

Page |6

For personal use only
Figure 6: Location of Flori’s Find and Perry prospects within the 3.6km mineralised corridor of the Eastern Target.

Page |7

For personal use only

Gold mineralisation intersected in drilling at the Floris Find Prospect is now seen as being closely
associated with molybdenum veining in strongly altered (silica-sericite) felsic intrusive rocks. In
the near surface drill-holes the levels of arsenic are low and reduce further suggesting a
transition from outer halo to an inner halo distal to an intrusion source. However, it is now
interpreted that Flori’s Find is much closer to an intrusion source than previously recognised.
The interpretation is based on gold mineralisation being associated with consistently wide
anomalous zones of molybdenum with low copper-lead-zinc. Molybdenum is commonly
associated with the core or marginal to intrusion systems whereas elevated base metals would
be expected further out, peripheral to the intrusion.
These results further support IP geophysical data for a potential bulk tonnage target, (source
intrusion), 200m to the immediate northwest of the current drilling. Further evidence for the
bulk tonnage target zone is from an historical Cu-Ag-Au mine located above the bulk tonnage
target. A rock chip sample of the mine dump returned a result of 15% Cu, 37 g/t Ag, 0.3 g/t Au
interpreted as discreet leakage directly from the bulk tonnage target. Refer to Figure 1 showing
a cross section of the location of the bulk tonnage target and the location of the historical mine.
Drilling at Flori’s Find has now demonstrated down dip and strike extensions to the Inferred
Mineral Resource which forms the basis of the Exploration Target. The results provide the
confidence to continue to work towards the Exploration Target in the near surface
mineralisation and to directly test for bulk tonnage mineralisation down dip.
Table 1: Significant drilling results
Drill-hole
ETRC021
ETRC022

Au 0.7 g/t cut-off
no significant results
6m @ 2.52 g/t Au from 140m

ETRC023

4m @ 1.63g/t Au from 80m
1m @ 1.18 g/t Au from 96m
no significant results

ETRC024
ETRC025
ETRC026

Mo 100 ppm cut-off
no significant results
6m @ 310 ppm Mo from 142m
2m @ 109 ppm Mo from 152m
no significant results

3m @ 205 ppm Mo from 115m
6m @ 205 ppm Mo from 121m
5m @ 1.44 g/t Au from 71m
NSR
Hole abandoned 20m short of target due to hole conditions

8 Mile Project – Forward Programme
A follow up drill program is being designed focusing on infill drilling of the Flori’s Find
Exploration Target along strike and 350m deep holes for testing bulk tonnage mineralisation
200m to the west.

Page |8

Authorised by the Board.

For personal use only

For further information contact:
Inés Scotland – Executive Chair
ines@metalbank.com.au
Sue-Ann Higgins - Director and Company Secretary
sue-ann@metalbank.com.au
Competent Persons Statement
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
and Exploration Target statements is based on information compiled or reviewed by Mr Trevor
Wright, who is a Member of The Australasian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Wright is a
contractor to the Company. Mr Wright has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is
undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian
Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Wright
consents to the inclusion in the announcement of the matters based on his information in the
form and context in which it applies.
The Exploration Targets described in this report are conceptual in nature and there is insufficient
information to establish whether further exploration will result in the determination of Mineral
Resources.
About Metal Bank
Metal Bank Limited is an ASX-listed minerals exploration company (ASX: MBK).
Metal Bank’s core focus is creating value through a combination of exploration success and
quality project acquisition. The company’s key projects are the 8 Mile, Eidsvold and Triumph
gold projects situated in the northern New England Fold Belt of central Queensland, which also
hosts the Cracow (3 Moz Au), Mt Rawdon (2 Moz Au), Mt Morgan (8 Moz Au, 0.4Mt Cu) and
Gympie (5 Moz Au) gold deposits.
The company has an experienced Board and management team which brings regional
knowledge, expertise in early stage exploration and development, relevant experience in the
mid cap ASX-listed resource sector and a focus on sound corporate governance.

Page |9

For personal use only

Board of Directors and Management

Registered Office

Inés Scotland
(Non-Executive Chairperson)

Metal Bank Limited
Suite 506, Level 5
50 Clarence Street
Sydney NSW 2000
AUSTRALIA

Guy Robertson
(Executive Director)
Sue-Ann Higgins
(Executive Director and Company
Secretary)
Trevor Wright
(Exploration Manager)

Phone:
Email:

+61 2 9078 7669
info@metalbank.com.au

Share Registry
Automic Registry Services
Phone: 1300 288 664 (local)
+61 2 9698 5414 (international)
Email:
hello@automic.com.au
Web site: www.automic.com.au
Please direct all shareholding enquiries to
the share registry.

P a g e | 10

For personal use only

APPENDIX 1

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1

Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data

(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

• Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips,
or specific specialised industry standard measurement tools
appropriate to the minerals under investigation, such as down
hole gamma sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.). These
examples should not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of
sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample
representivity and the appropriate calibration of any
measurement tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material
to the Public Report. In cases where ‘industry standard’ work
has been done this would be relatively simple (e.g. ‘reverse
circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3
kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In
other cases more explanation may be required, such as where
there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling problems.
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (e.g. submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.

Drilling
techniques

• Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer,
rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc.) and details (e.g. core
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, facesampling bit or other type, whether core is oriented and if so, by
what method, etc.).
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample
recoveries and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure
representative nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and
grade and whether sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material.
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate
Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies and metallurgical
studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or
costean, channel, etc.) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections
logged.
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all
core taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc. and
whether sampled wet or dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of
the sample preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages
to maximise representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of
the in situ material collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the
material being sampled.

• MBK Reverse circulation (RC) drilling was used to obtain samples
for geological logging and assaying.
• MBK drill-holes were sited to test geophysical targets/surface
geochemical targets as well as previous drilling results
• 1m RC samples were collected via a cyclone mounted rotary
splitter for all samples.
• Where moderate to strong alteration was noted 1m samples
were collected. 1m samples were split to create a 2m composite
sample for analysis in less altered samples and 4m composites in
unaltered and highly weathered samples. The splitter was
cleaned with compressed air gun after each composite.
• RC samples were submitted to the laboratory and sample
preparation consisted of the drying of the sample, the entire
sample being crushed to 70% passing 6mm and pulverized to
85% passing 75 microns in a ring and puck pulveriser. RC
samples are assayed for gold by 50g fire assay with AAS finish.
Multielement analysis is completed using an ICPAES analysis.
• Placer completed an eight open hole percussion program in
1994. Holes were all drilled to 60m apart from one at 80m along
three east-west fences. Refer to ASX:MBK announcement 11
June 2019 for the location of drill-holes.
• MBK RC drilling used a 5.5” face sampling RC hammer.

Drill sample
recovery

Logging

Subsampling
techniques
and sample
preparation

P a g e | 11

• RC sample recoveries are visually estimated and logged
• Very few samples were recorded with recoveries of less than
80%.
• No wet RC samples were recovered.
• No relationship has been observed between sample recovery
and grade.
• Geological logging was carried out on all RC chips. This included
lithology, alteration, sulphide percentages and vein
percentages.
• Geological logging of alteration type, alteration intensity, vein
type and textures, % of veining, and sulphide composition.
• All RC chip trays and all core trays are photographed.
• All drill-holes are logged in full.
• 1 m primary RC samples were obtained using a cyclone
mounted 87.5%:12.5% riffle splitter. Compressed air was used
to clean the splitter after each drill rod.
• 1m RC intervals within strong alteration were assayed
• 2m and 4m composite RC samples obtained by manually
splitting 1 m primary samples with a standalone 87.5%:12.5%
riffle splitter. 2m composites were taken in very weak alteration
and 4m samples in unaltered zones.
• Duplicated samples were collected in visual ore zones and at a
frequency of at least 1 in 20.
• QAQC samples (standards / blanks) were submitted at a
frequency of at least 1 in 20. Regular reviews of the sampling
were carried out by the Exploration Manager to ensure all
procedures were followed and best industry practice carried
out. Sample sizes and preparation techniques are considered
appropriate.

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

• The sample sizes are considered to be appropriate for the
nature of mineralisation within the project area. Duplicate RC
sampling concentrated on potentially mineralised intervals.

Quality of
data and
laboratory
tests

Verification
of sampling
and assaying

• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and
laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is
considered partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF
instruments, etc., the parameters used in determining the
analysis including instrument make and model, reading times,
calibrations factors applied and their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. standards,
blanks, duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether
acceptable levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and precision
have been established.
• The verification of significant intersections by either
independent or alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data
verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

• RC samples were assayed using 50 g fire assay for gold which is
considered appropriate for this style of mineralisation. Fire
assay is considered total assay for gold.
• No geophysical tools, spectrometers or handheld XRF
instruments have been used to determine assay results for any
elements.
• Monitoring of results of blanks and standards is conducted
regularly. QAQC data was reviewed and considered acceptable.

• Significant intersections are routinely monitored through review
of drill chip and by site visits by the Exploration Manager.
• Data is verified and checked in Micromine software.
• No drill-holes have been twinned.
• Primary data is collected via ‘tough book’ laptops in the field in
self-validating data entry forms. Data is subsequently uploaded
into a corporate database for further validation/checking and
data management. All original files are stored as a digital record.
• No adjustments have been applied to assay data.
• Drill-hole collar locations are initially set out (and reported)
using a hand held GPS with a location error of +/‐ 5 m. All holes
are pegged and will be accurately surveyed (x,y,z) at a later
date.
• Down hole surveys were completed using a Reflex Ez-Trac digital
survey system at a maximum interval of 30 m. Measurements
were taken 9m back from the RC hammer and at the mid point
of a non magnetic stainless steel rod.
• All drilling is conducted on the MGA94 Zone 56 grid.
• A topographic survey of the project area has not been
conducted with current topography from shuttle radar and GPS
collar surveys.
• The drill-holes were sited to test surface geochemical targets
and were not conducted in a regular grid type pattern.
• At Flori’s Find this is largely one single drill section with strike
continuity defined by the structure of the surface soil anomaly.
• The current drill- hole spacing in some locations is of sufficient
density to establish geological and grade continuity appropriate
for a Mineral Resource.
• No sample compositing has been applied.
• The drill-holes were orientated in order to intersect the
interpreted mineralisation zones as oblique (perpendicular) as
possible.
• All holes were aimed to intersect mineralization east west. It
was found that ETRC021 deviated 30 degrees off initial azimuth
and adjustments were made in all subsequent drill-holes to
allow for this major change in azimuth which was determined to
be due to angle of foliation in relation to the drilling.

Location of
data points

• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill-holes (collar
and down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other
locations used in Mineral Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.

Data
Spacing and
distribution

• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to
establish the degree of geological and grade continuity
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.

Orientation
of data in
relation to
geological
structure

• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased
sampling of possible structures and the extent to which this is
known, considering the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the
orientation of key mineralised structures is considered to have
introduced a sampling bias, this should be assessed and
reported if material.

Sample
security

• The measures taken to ensure sample security.

• Samples were stored in sealed polyweave bags on site and
transported to the laboratory at regular intervals by MBK staff.

Audits or
reviews

• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and
data.

• The sampling techniques are internally reviewed and updated.

P a g e | 12

Section 2 – Reporting of Exploration Results

(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)

For personal use only

Criteria
Mineral
tenement
and land
tenure
status

Exploration
done by
other
parties

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership
including agreements or material issues with third parties
such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties,
native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or national
park and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along
with any known impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other
parties.

• The 8 Mile project consists of granted EPM26945 which is
100% owned by Roar Resources Pty Ltd, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Metal Bank Limited.
• A review of environmental maps at the time of application
did not identify any significant environmental restricted
areas.

Geology

• Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation.

Drill-hole
information

• A summary of all information material to the understanding
of the exploration results including a tabulation of the
following information for all Material drill-holes:
o easting and northing of the dril-hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea
level in metres) of the drill-hole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade truncations
(e.g. cutting of high-grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of
high- grade results and longer lengths of low grade results,
the procedure used for such aggregation should be stated
and some typical examples of such aggregations should be
shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent
values should be clearly stated.

Data
aggregation
methods

Relationshi
p between
mineralisati
on widths
and
intercept
lengths
Diagrams

Balanced
reporting
Other
substantive
exploration
data

• Several exploration companies have completed stream
sediment sampling over small portions of the tenement
application. A lot of this previous exploration data is
compiled as part of the Qld government exploration data
compilation digital data set. Placer Exploration completed
stream, soil, IP geophysics and 14 RC drill-holes (960 m) on
prospects covering the SE of the application area.
• EPM26945 lies on the Mt Perry 1:100,000 map sheet.
• The style of mineralisation intersected is intrusion related
gold mineralisation within the northern New England
Orogen.
• The location of the drilling displayed in Figure 6.
• New exploration Results for Metal Bank drilling are provided
in Table 1 and drill hole location, dip, azimuth and hole length
are provided in Table 2 of this announcement and in previous
announcements ASX:MBK dated 23 July 2019 and 7 Nov 2019

• Exploration Results are reported using a 0.7g/t Au cut-ff with
1m internal dilution. .
• No metal equivalent values have been used for reporting
exploration results.

• These relationships are particularly important in the
reporting of Exploration Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the
drill-hole angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a clear statement to this effect
(e.g. ‘down hole length, true width not known’).

• The Cross Section in Figure 1 displays the relationship
between the drilling the dip of the mineralisation. In most
cases the drilling is approaching perpendicular to the
interpreted structural dip.

• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and tabulations
of intercepts should be included for any significant discovery
being reported These should include, but not be limited to a
plan view of drill-hole collar locations and appropriate
sectional views.
• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is
not practicable, representative reporting of both low and
high grades and/or widths should be practiced to avoid
misleading reporting of Exploration Results.
• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should
be reported including (but not limited to): geological
observations; geophysical survey results; geochemical survey
results; bulk samples – size and method of treatment;
metallurgical test results; bulk density, groundwater,

• Refer to figures contained within this report showing the
regional location of the drill-holes.

P a g e | 13

• All results are presented in figures and tables contained
within this report.

• No other material data collected by Metal Bank Limited is
presented in this report.

For personal use only

Further
Work

geotechnical and rock characteristics; potential deleterious
or contaminating substances.
• The nature and scale of planned further work (e.g. tests for
lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale stepout drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible
extensions, including the main geological interpretations and
future drilling areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.

• Further interpretation and review of the data will be
completed to plan additional drilling programmes.

Table 2: Drill location information
Hole_ID

E_GDA94

N_GDA94

ETRC021

392075

7213625

65.39

-75

89

RC

139

ETRC022

392075

7213625

65.39

-59

65.2

RC

157

ETRC023

392220

7213705

68.72

-60

65

RC

109

ETRC024

392221

7213705

68.72

-75

239

RC

129

ETRC025

392284

7213858

65.5

-70

58

RC

87

ETRC026

392283

7213858

65.5

-70

250

RC

139

GDA94 zone 56

P a g e | 14

RL

Dip

Azimuth

Hole Type

Depth

