ASX Announcement

For personal use only

MAYNE PHARMA ANNOUNCES STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP
WITH NOVAST
6 July 2020, Adelaide Australia: Mayne Pharma Group Limited (ASX: MYX) is pleased to announce
it has entered into a long-term supply agreement with Novast Laboratories Limited for thirteen
US generic oral contraceptive products, including five new products not previously marketed by
the Company.

Four of the additional products are FDA approved and include generic equivalents of two of the
highest prescribed oral contraceptive products in the US – ORTHO CYCLEN® and ORTHO TRICYCLEN® - as well as LOESTRIN® 24 FE and DESOGEN®. The fifth product is pending at the FDA.
According to IQVIA, the annual US market sales for the five additional products were US$500m
with more than 1.3 billion tablets sold annually1.
Mayne Pharma’s CEO Scott Richards said, “We are very pleased to have partnered with Novast,
who have an outstanding quality track record manufacturing and supplying oral contraceptives
to the US market. This transaction expands our women’s health portfolio and secures supply on
more favourable terms of eight products previously acquired from Teva Pharmaceuticals to
continue to drive growth of our women’s health franchise.”
“Our key priorities in women’s health have been to optimise our supply network to improve
product costs, add complementary novel and generic products, expand our channels to market
and establish a national sales team in the US to promote to physicians. Mayne Pharma’s women’s
health portfolio today includes 27 marketed and pipeline products, including a novel oral
contraceptive E4/DRSP and two generic contraceptive products targeting markets with sales of
US$1.2 billion and targeted to launch in FY21. Mayne Pharma is a leading supplier of
contraceptives in the US with its portfolio now covering more than 85% of oral contraceptive
prescription volumes1.”

For further information contact:
Lisa Pendlebury (VP Investor Relations & Communications)
+61 419 548 434, lisa.pendlebury@maynepharma.com

Authorised for release to the ASX by the Chairman

1

IQVIA, MAT Sales and NSP Units for the brand and generic equivalents, May 2020

For personal use only

ASX Announcement
About Mayne Pharma
Mayne Pharma is an ASX-listed specialty pharmaceutical company focused on applying its drug delivery
expertise to commercialise branded and generic pharmaceuticals, offering patients better and more
accessible medicines. Mayne Pharma also provides contract development and manufacturing services to
more than 100 clients worldwide.

Mayne Pharma has a 40-year track record of innovation and success in developing new oral drug delivery
systems and these technologies have been successfully commercialised in numerous products that continue
to be marketed around the world.
Mayne Pharma has two facilities based in Salisbury, Australia and Greenville, USA with expertise in the
formulation of complex oral and topical dose forms including potent compounds, modified-release products
and poorly soluble compounds.
About Novast
Novast Laboratories is a pharmaceutical company based in Nantong, China that develops and
commercialises generic drugs for global markets. Novast has been operating since 2006 and has significant
number of products approved by the US FDA including hormone products and sustained-release oral dosage
forms.

DESOGEN®, LOESTRIN®, ORTHO CYCLEN® and ORTHO TRI-CYCLEN®, are registered trademarks of third
parties.

Page 2

