For personal use only

ASX / MEDIA ANNOUNCEMENT

ASX: NCZ
06 July 2020

Significant Quarterly Production Increase & Cost Reduction at
the Century Mine, Commercial Production Declared

New Century Resources Limited (Company or New Century) (ASX:NCZ) is pleased to announce the
declaration of commercial production at the Century Zinc Mine in Queensland, Australia.
The declaration follows a record production quarter for the Company, with the June 2020 quarter
delivering an approximate 22% increase in zinc metal production to ~34,500t and an estimated 17%
decrease in C1 costs to ~US$0.79/lb of a payable metal on an unreconciled basis.
During the quarter, the Company has also completed the successful transition from contractor
services to full owner-operator of both hydraulic mining and processing plant operations.
Managing Director of New Century Resources, Patrick Walta, said:
“Despite the Covid-19 pandemic, operations at Century continue to ramp up and have again
delivered record production in the June quarter. Century has now achieved seven
consecutive quarters of increasing production and lowering costs, and the Company remains
focused on continuing this trend.
We are pleased to declare commercial production at the operation, with the Century Mine
now re-established as a top 10 zinc producer just 3 years since being shutdown for closure.
From a market perspective, despite the zinc price remaining near 4-year lows, a strong
decline in spot treatment charges in the quarter has improved conditions for zinc miners.
The Company also sees potential for a price rebound due to additional metal demand from
increased global infrastructure development linked to Covid-19 government stimulus.”

With regards to the potential acquisition of the Goro Nickel & Cobalt Mine, the Company continues
to progress due diligence while completing negotiations for the provision of suitable funding from
Vale and the French State for both simplification process capex and long term working capital for
the operation.
New Century expects to release full quarterly reporting and further details on the Goro process in
the 2nd half of July 2020.
The announcement has been approved for release by the Board of New Century Resources.
For further information, please contact:
New Century Resources

Media enquiries

Patrick Walta

Shane Goodwin

Managing Director

Head of Corporate Affairs

P: +61 3 9070 3300

P: +61 434 039 106

E: info@newcenturyresources.com

E: sgoodwin@newcenturyresources.com

Office
Phone
Email
Website

Level 4, 360 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
+61 (3) 9070 3300
info@newcenturyresources.com
www.newcenturyresources.com

1/1

