For personal use only

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
6 July 2020

Thick 95m Interval of Copper Sulphides Intersected at EM5,
7.2km North East of Tollu

HIGHLIGHTS


Geochemical assays confirm that recently completed reverse circulation (RC) drilling at
Redstone’s West Musgrave Project intersected a large igneous intrusion bearing a thick
sequence of disseminated copper sulphides at the EM5 Target.



The anomalous copper was intersected continuously for 95m (up to 0.06% copper) from
66m downhole in RC drill hole TLC170, confirming observations of copper sulphides
(chalcopyrite) made in the field.



The copper mineralisation remains untested in all directions.



The igneous intrusion is over 400m in diameter according to magnetic geophysics data
and located over 7.2km north east of the Tollu Copper vein deposit.



The nature of the mineralisation and the distance from Tollu is a significant finding for
the prospectivity of the greater Project area for metal sulphides in igneous intrusions.



TLC170 targeted a magnetic geophysical feature which was accompanied by an
electromagnetic anomaly known as the EM5 Target.



Further magnetic targets are located within Redstone’s West Musgrave tenure including
a cigar shaped anomaly only 800m south east of the EM5 intrusion and probably related.



The interval contains elevated concentrations of gold above background, although in
trace amounts, and yet to be fully investigated.



EM5 represents an entirely different prospective target than the copper mineralisation
at Tollu.



Other magnetic anomalies that exist throughout the Project are now of interest for future
exploration.

Redstone Resources Limited ABN 42 090 169 154
60 Havelock Street, West Perth WA 6005 Tel: 08 9328 2552 Fax: 08 9328 2660

www.redstone.com.au
Email: contact@redstone.com.au

ASX: RDS

For personal use only

Commenting on the excellent result, Redstone’s Chairman Richard Homsany said:
“The discovery of 95m of continuous anomalous copper in thick disseminated
sulphides, relatively close to the surface and over 7km from the Tollu Copper deposit,
represents a significant milestone for Redstone’s West Musgrave Project. In addition
to the Tollu vein system, EM5 confirms that the Project continues to be validated as
hosting a highly prospective copper system.
With only limited drilling Redstone was able to enhance copper prospectivity in a
new target area and create significant value to the Project. EM5 represents an
entirely different prospective target than the copper mineralisation at Tollu and has
highlighted other geophysical anomalies located across the Project as potential
targets for future exploration.
The elevated levels of gold above background at EM5, albeit in trace amounts, are
also highly encouraging and require further investigation.
We will now evaluate the next steps available to us in any future activities at EM5
and the Project as a whole.”

Redstone Resources Limited (ASX: RDS) (Redstone or the Company) is pleased to announce that finalised
geochemical assay results from its recent reverse circulation (RC) drilling programme at the Company’s
100% owned West Musgrave Project (the Project) have confirmed that RC drill hole TLC170 intersected a
95m thick (downhole) sequence of disseminated copper sulphides in a large igneous intrusion over 7.2km
north east of the Tollu Copper Vein Project (Tollu) (Figure 1).

RC drill hole TLC170 targeted an EM anomaly coincident with a large circular magnetic anomaly, known by
the Company as the EM5 Target (EM5) (refer ASX announcement of 24 October 2019). The finalised results
from full geochemical assays has confirmed that the drill hole intersected 95m of disseminated copper
sulphides (Chalcopyrite) from 66m downhole with copper concentrations of between 0.03‐0.06% copper
(Figure 2).

Although some 28m of the interval was not sampled for assay, the copper sulphides were visible in the field
and observed to occur continuously throughout the overall 95m interval.
An interesting feature of the interval is elevated concentrations of gold above background, although in trace
amounts, and yet to be fully investigated.
No other exploration has been carried out in the immediate area, which leaves the copper occurrence
untested in all directions, including at depth.

2

For personal use only

ASX: RDS

Figure 1 ‐ Location of RC drill hole TLC170 in relation to the EM5 Target and other
areas of interest on the West Musgrave Project

Importantly, the copper sulphides are hosted in a large gabbroic igneous intrusion (Figure 2) over 7.2km
north east of the Tollu Copper Vein Project (Figure 1) and so represent an entirely different prospective
target than the copper mineralisation at Tollu.
The magnetic anomaly shows that the gabbroic intrusion containing the disseminated copper sulphides in
TLC170 is at least 400‐450m in diameter, although it may be much larger at depth. A similar magnetic
anomaly, 650m long and 300m wide, is located only 800m to the south east of that intersected by TLC170,
possibly related to the same intrusive body at depth. Other magnetic anomalies that exist throughout the
Project are now of interest for future exploration.
The 96m intersection of disseminated copper mineralisation in the gabbroic intrusion at EM5, proves that
the West Musgrave Project is prospective for copper mineralisation in the greater Project area, beyond
what is already known at Tollu. It shows that there is potential for magmatic intrusions throughout the
Project that may contain economic concentrations of metals themselves or that may have created the
hydrothermal conditions necessary for mobilising and concentrating metals in the volcanic sequences they
have intruded or at their contacts.
It is unclear at this stage, if the copper occurrence in TLC170 is represented by the EM anomaly at EM5.

3

For personal use only

ASX: RDS

Figure 2 – East‐West Cross Section of RC drill hole TLC170, looking North

A table of drill collar locations is presented in Appendix 1 and a table of significant results has been included
in Appendix 2. The JORC Table 1 for these results can be found in Appendix 3 and the competent persons
statement is below.
This Announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Redstone Resources Limited.

For further information please contact:
Miranda Conti
Richard Homsany
Company Secretary
Chairman
Redstone Resources Limited
Redstone Resources Limited
+61 8 9328 2552
+61 8 9328 2552
contact@redstone.com.au
contact@redstone.com.au

4

ASX: RDS

Competent Persons Statement

For personal use only

The information in this document that relates to exploration results was authorised by Dr Greg Shirtliff, who is employed as a
Consultant to the company through Zephyr Professional Pty Ltd. Dr Shirtliff is a Member of the Australian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy and has sufficient experience of relevance to the tasks with which he was employed to qualify as a Competent Person
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore reserves Committee (JORC) Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Dr Shirtliff consents to the inclusion in the report of matters based on information
in the form and context in which it appears.

Forward‐Looking Statements
This document may include forward‐looking statements. Forward‐looking statements include, but are not limited to
statements concerning Redstone Resources Limited’s (Redstone) planned exploration program and other statements
that are not historical facts. When used in this document, the words such as “could”, “plan”, “estimate”, “expect”,
“intend”, “may”, “potential”, “should”, and similar expressions are forward‐looking statements. Although Redstone
believes that its expectations reflected in these forward‐looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve
risks and uncertainties and no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with these forward‐looking
statements.

REDSTONE RESOURCES
Redstone Resources Limited (ASX: RDS) 100% owned Tollu Copper Vein Project (Tollu), part of the Company’s
broader West Musgrave Project (the Project), is located in the southeast portion of the prospective West
Musgrave region of Western Australia. The Project is located central to the Cassini Resources Nebo Babel
prospect to the West and the Metals X Ltd Wingellina Ni‐Co project to the East.
In 2017 the Company completed a detailed ground‐up review of the project geology incorporating the historic
geological, geochemical and geophysical dataset. This review identified the suitability of the electromagnetic
(EM) geophysical method for identifying potential targets. The EM surveys (airborne and ground) have
delineated a large thick disseminated sulphide rich volcanoclastic (ASX announcement 27 April 2018) and several
targets to the north and south of Tollu.

5

ASX: RDS

For personal use only

Appendix 1:

Drill Collar Details

Actual Hole ID Easting
TLC170
443277

Northing Method
7113630
GPS

Azimuth
45

Dip
70

Final Depth
306

Drill collar location is in GDA94 Zone 52 from hand held GPS. Azimuth and Dip are in degrees. Final
depth is in metres downhole.

Appendix 2:

From (m)
66
73
83
89
96
99
104
111
113
116
121
133
152

Appendix3:

Table of Significant Intervals

To (m)
71
79
86
95
97
101
109
112
115
118
129
150
161

Interval (m)
5
6
3
6
1
2
5
1
2
2
8
17
9

Cu (%)
0.036
0.042
0.043
0.057
0.055
0.054
0.051
0.054
0.025
0.027
0.053
0.054
0.049

Cut‐off (%) Au (ppb)
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.03
0.025
0.025
0.03
0.03
0.03

JORC Table 1 (next page)

6

8
11
14
9
8
16
6
4
4
6
7
11
10

Dilution
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None
None

JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1 report West Musgrave Project

For personal use only

Section 1 Sampling Techniques & Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Sampling
techniques

 Nature & quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips, or
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate
to the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.). These examples should
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling.

 Geochemical samples were taken from drill chips produced by a
reverse circulation (RC) drill rig. Samples were split from the sample
stream every metre as governed by metre marks on the drill string, by
a cone splitter approximating between 7-13% of the full metre of
sample. The dust box was used to control the flow of chips to the cone
splitter.

 Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity
& the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems
used.
 Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
 In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this would be
relatively simple (e.g. ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1
m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge
for fire assay’). In other cases more explanation may be required,
such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (e.g.
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.

 Duplicates were taken every metre from the alternate sample opening
on the cone splitter. This gave flexibility to where field duplicates were
introduced into the geochemical sampling stream to the lab and
allowed for compositing at any depth or interval.
 On a regular basis both sample and duplicate were weighed with a
simple hook based hand held scale to check for representivity of both
the metre sampled and the duplicate. This weight was not recorded,
rather used as an in-filed measure to alert drillers of issues with the
cone splitter and drilling.
 Samples were collected in calico bags – each bag weighed
approximately 1-3kg.
 In areas of targeted copper veins 1m RC chip samples were selected
for laboratory analysis using a calibrated (using calibration discs and
standardised compressed powders) hand-held XRF to discriminate
high copper (Cu) values. HHXRF Cu value cut-offs used to select
samples for laboratory based geochemical analysis was 0.1% and in
most cases, the 1m sample either side of that value was also selected.
In some drill holes the entire holes was sampled; where so outside the
mineralised zones were composited into 4m composites.
 A small (1-2 teaspoon sized) representative sample was kept of each
metre for record purposes.

1

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Drilling
techniques

 Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc.) & details (e.g. core diameter, triple
or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented & if so, by what method, etc.).

 Reverse Circulation drilling was used to obtain 1m samples for the
purpose of geological logging and geochemistry. Compositing was
performed for some geochemical samples (see elsewhere in this table)

 Method of recording & assessing core & chip sample recoveries &
results assessed.

 RC Drillers were advised by geologists of the ground conditions
expected for each hole and instructed to adopt an RC drilling strategy
to maximize sample recovery, minimize contamination and maintain
required spatial position.

Drill sample
recovery

 Measures taken to maximise sample recovery & ensure
representative nature of the samples.
 Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery & grade &
whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain
of fine/coarse material.

Logging

 Whether core & chip samples have been geologically &
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate
Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies & metallurgical studies.
 Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or
costean, channel, etc.) photography.
 The total length & percentage of the relevant intersections logged.

 RC sampling completed using a 5.5” diameter drill bit with a face
sampling hammer. RC drilling rigs were equipped with a booster
compressor.

 Sample recovery is approximated by assuming volume and rock
densities for each metre of the drill hole and back referencing to this
for individual metres coming from the cone splitter.
 Actual metal grades are not detailed in the ASX release. No correlation
was observed between the amount of sample passing through the
cone splitter and the geology or amount of sulphides observed.
 All drilling in this ASX release is by reverse circulation (RC). RC holes
are geologically logged on a 1m interval basis. Where no sample is
returned due to voids or lost sample, it is logged and recorded as such.
The weathering profile is logged with no washing/sieving as well as
washed/sieving to identify the transition into fresh rock and to identify
unweathered quartz veins. In fresh rock all RC chips are logged by
washing/sieving.
 Geological logging is qualitative and quantitative in nature.
 Visual estimations of sulphides and geological interpretations are
based on examination of drill chips from a reverse circulation (RC) drill
rig using a hand lens during drilling operations. Chips are washed and
sieved prior to logging.
 It should be noted that whilst % mineral proportions are based on
standards as set out by JORC, they are estimation only and can be
subjective to individual geologists to some degree.

2

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

 Details of the sulphides, type, nature of occurrence and general %
proportion estimation are found within the text of the release.
Sub-sampling
techniques &
sample
preparation

 If core, whether cut or sawn & whether quarter, half or all core taken.
 If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc.& whether
sampled wet or dry.
 For all sample types, the nature, quality & appropriateness of the
sample preparation technique.
 Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to
maximise representivity of samples.
 Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in
situ material collected, including for instance results for field
duplicate/second-half sampling.
 Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material
being sampled.

 Geochemical samples were taken from drill chips produced by a
reverse circulation (RC) drill rig. All sampling techniques are described
above. The nature and quality of the sampling technique was
considered appropriate for the drilling technique applied and for the
geochemical analysis sought.
 As described above a cone splitter was used to split samples from the
RC sample stream. The cone splitter was levelled prior to drilling and
this level was checked at regular intervals throughout the drilling of
each drill hole to ensure representivity of sample.
 A field duplicate was taken for every metre sampled and both duplicate
and original sample were weighed in the field using a hook based hand
held scale to check for sample representivity.
 Filed duplicates were introduced into the geochemical sample
submission at approximately 1 in 20 samples or 5% of the sample
stream.
 Quartz sand blanks were introduced into the sample stream at 1 in 20
or 5%.
 The laboratory introduced copper standards for samples from the area
of copper veins (TLC holes) at the rate of 1 in 20 or 5% or at smaller
intervals.
 At the lab, samples were crushed to a nominal 2mm using a jaw
crusher before being split using a rotary splitter into 400-700g samples
for pulverising.
 Samples were pulverised to a nominal >90% passing 75 micron for
which a 100g sample was then selected for analysis. A spatula was
used to sample from the pulverised sample for digestion.
 Bureau Veritas Laboratories in Perth use their own internal standards
and blanks as well as flushing and cleaning methods accredited by
international standards.
 Sample sizes and splits are considered appropriate to the grain size of
the material being sampled as according to the Gi standard formulas.

3

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Quality of
assay data &
laboratory
tests

 The nature, quality & appropriateness of the assaying & laboratory
procedures used & whether the technique is considered partial or
total.

 Geochemical analyses performed consisted of a four acid digestion
and/or peroxide fusion before Inductively Coupled Plasma Mass
Spectrometer (ICPMS) or Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic
Emission Spectrometer (ICPAES). This technique is considered a total
analysis.

 For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments,
etc., the parameters used in determining the analysis including
instrument make & model, reading times, calibrations factors applied
& their derivation, etc.
 Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks) & whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) & precision have been established.

 As described above the HHXRF used to determine which samples
were selected for analysis in the area of the copper veins was
calibrated using calibration discs and standardised compressed
powders at the start of every day and approximately every hour when
analysing.
 All standards, blanks and filed duplicates are described above.
 The total error for copper (Cu) concentrations as measured by field
duplicates for the samples represented by this ASX release passed the
average mean difference of ± 20%. This is considered within
expectations for geochemical sampling of RC drilling and shows no
significant bias towards the positive or negative.

Verification of
sampling &
assaying

 The verification of significant intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.
 The use of twinned holes.

 There has been no dedicated twinned holes in this drilling.

 Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data
verification, data storage (physical & electronic) protocols.

Location of
data points

 Verification of significant intersections as shown by the results of
geochemical analyses has been made via Zephyr Professional Pty Ltd
employees and Redstone employees internally.

 Discuss any adjustment to assay data.

 All geological and geochemical data has been checked by both
Redstone employees and Zephyr directors. All geological and drilling
data has been entered into a Redstone Access database. The
geochemistry is currently being analysed but will also eventually be
included in the Access database.

 Accuracy & quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar &
down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings & other locations used
in Mineral Resource estimation.

 Apart from the current exploration drill holes all drill hole collars
referenced in this ASX release have been surveyed for easting,
northing & elevation using an RTK GPS system which was left to
calibrate for 1.5 hours prior to recording survey data for each project

4

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

For personal use only

 Specification of the grid system used.

location. The accuracy according to the GPS unit averaged
approximately 10cm for all recordings (north, south and elevations).
Data was collected in MGA94 Zone 52 & AHD. Current drill holes were
positioned by handheld GPS.

 Quality & adequacy of topographic control.

Data spacing
& distribution

 Drilling has been for exploration only, spacing varies between targets.

 Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
 Whether the data spacing & distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological & grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral
Resource & Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s)&classifications
applied.
 Whether sample compositing has been applied.

Orientation of
data in
relation to
geological
structure

 Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of
possible structures & the extent to which this is known, considering
the deposit type.

 Drill angle details are given in the text of the release and in the table in
the release. Orientation is according to the exploration target (see text
of release for further details).

 If the relationship between the drilling orientation & the orientation of
key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a
sampling bias, this should be assessed & reported if material.

Sample
security

 The measures taken to ensure sample security.

 All geochemical samples were selected by geologists in the field and
sent directly to the laboratory from the field in a single vehicle,
packaged in bulker bags. Results of geochemical analysis were sent
directly to the designated Redstone geologist for entering into the
Access database and for analysis.

Audits or
reviews

 The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques & data.

 Not applicable

5

For personal use only

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Mineral
tenement & land
tenure status

 Type, reference name/number, location & ownership including
agreements or material issues with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, native title interests,
historical sites, wilderness or national park & environmental settings.

 The West Musgrave project is located within E69/2450 and E69/3456
(Western Australia). These exploration licenses are held by Redstone
Resources Ltd.

 The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along with any
known impediments to obtaining a licence to operate in the area.

 The tenements are in good standing & no known impediments exist.

Exploration
done by other
parties

 Acknowledgment & appraisal of exploration by other parties.

 There has been limited recent exploration undertaken by other parties
at the West Musgrave Project.

Geology

 Deposit type, geological setting & style of mineralisation.



Drill hole
Information

 A summary of all information material to the understanding of the
exploration results including a tabulation of the following information
for all Material drill holes:

 See the table in the release.

o Easting & northing of the drill hole collar
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level in
metres) of the drill hole collar
o dip & azimuth of the hole
o down hole length & interception depth
o hole length.
 If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis that the
information is not Material & this exclusion does not detract from the
understanding of the report, the Competent Person should clearly
explain why this is the case.

6

The genetic origin is currently under review and part of a research
project.

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

Data
aggregation
methods

 In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging techniques,
maximum and/or minimum grade truncations (e.g. cutting of high
grades)&cut-off grades are usually Material & should be stated.

 Compositing has been described above. The technique for
compositing used entailed the lab crushing every metre to a nominal
2mm crushed grain size before splitting off a 400-700g, sample using
a rotary splitter, of each metre for compositing. The lab then proceeded
to composite the 400-700g samples.

 Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high grade
results & longer lengths of low grade results, the procedure used for
such aggregation should be stated & some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
 The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent values
should be clearly stated.
Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths &
intercept lengths

 These relationships are particularly important in the reporting of
Exploration Results.

 No true widths have been stated in this ASX release, just downhole
intercept lengths.

 If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill hole
angle is known, its nature should be reported.
 If it is not known & only the down hole lengths are reported, there
should be a clear statement to this effect (e.g. ‘down hole length, true
width not known’).

Diagrams

 Appropriate maps & sections (with scales) & tabulations of intercepts
should be included for any significant discovery being reported These
should include, but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations & appropriate sectional views.

 See ASX release

Balanced
reporting

 Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is not
practicable, representative reporting of both low & high grades and/or
widths should be practiced to avoid misleading reporting of
Exploration Results.

 Only observations are reported, see data details above for further
information

Other
substantive
exploration data

 Other exploration data, if meaningful & material, should be reported
including (but not limited to): geological observations; geophysical
survey results; geochemical survey results; bulk samples –
size&method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density,
groundwater, geotechnical & rock characteristics; potential
deleterious or contaminating substances.

 No other exploration data collected is considered material to this
announcement.

Further work

 The nature & scale of planned further work (e.g. tests for lateral
extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).

 The details of the nature of future work are currently being assessed.

7

For personal use only

Criteria

JORC Code explanation

Commentary

 Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible extensions,
including the main geological interpretations & future drilling areas,
provided this information is not commercially sensitive.

Section 3 Estimation & Reporting of Mineral Resources
NOT APPLICABLE

8

