Next Generation Deal Technology

For personal use only

ASX Announcement
thedocyard (ASX: TDY)
6 July 2020

THEDOCYARD ACQUIRES LOCKBOX TECHNOLOGIES

SUMMARY

•

thedocyard announces today that it has acquired LockBox Technologies Pty Ltd.

•

LockBox Technologies is an Australian technology company that has developed and is selling Athena
Board, a direct to customer secure document creation and consumption tool, ensuring board reports
and meetings are optimised and secure in the digital space.

•

In consideration for the share capital of LockBox Technologies thedocyard has issued 11,968,165 TDY
shares with a market value of $2 million and granted 7,943,135 options to acquire TDY shares on a
1 for 1 basis. thedocyard will also seek shareholder approval to grant a further 7,056,865 options as
consideration for the acquisition in accordance with the share purchase agreements.

•

thedocyard will now convene an EGM to seek shareholder approval for the grant of 7,056,865 share
options as the balance of the acquisition consideration.

•

The LockBox Transaction aligns with the Company’s growth strategy and expansion plans in Australia,
New Zealand, the UK and Asia.

ACQUISITION OF LOCKBOX TECHNOLOGIES
thedocyard Limited (ASX: TDY), a developer and provider of cloud-based software, is pleased to
announce that it has acquired 100% of LockBox Technologies Pty Limited ACN 621 048 431 (LockBox
Technologies).
The acquisition provides an entry for thedocyard into the board portal management software market,
through LockBox Technologies’ Athena Board product as well as entry into the enterprise file sync and
sharing market, through the LockBox Storage product.
“We are very excited to see the LockBox team and their leading board governance solution join
thedocyard’s stable of technologies which make corporate events, such as transactions and board
meetings safer, easier and more efficient” said Stuart Clout, Chief Executive of thedocyard. “There is a
clear adjacency in the solution set and customer base and this acquisition is highly consistent with our
growth strategies and global view of the greater problem set.”
thedocyard Limited
ABN: 19 602 586 407
c/o Emerson Corporate Legal Operations
Suite 4201, Level 42, Australia Square, 264 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000

1

For personal use only

The consideration to acquire LockBox Technologies comprises an issue of 11,968,165 fully paid TDY
shares with a market value of $2 million (as calculated according to a 10 day VWAP before the date of this
announcement) and 7,943,135 options to acquire new fully paid TDY shares. thedocyard has agreed to
grant a total of 15,000,000 options as part of the consideration for the acquisition, however given
constraints on thedocyard’s capacity to issue equity securities the balance of 7,056,865 options will only
be granted if shareholder approval for that grant is obtained at an extraordinary general meeting (EGM).
The exercise price of all options issued as consideration will be the same as the price per share of the
consideration shares to acquire all of the issued share capital of LockBox Technologies (LockBox
Transaction).
Further details of the Lockbox Technologies acquisition are set out in an Investor Presentation which
accompanies this Announcement lodged with the ASX on 6 July 2020.
thedocyard will shortly issue a notice of meeting to convene an extraordinary general meeting of its
Shareholders (EGM) to approve the grant of 7,056,865 options to acquire fully paid ordinary shares in
thedocyard and other associated resolutions.
Of the 11,968,165 TDY shares issued as consideration under the acquisition, 7,053,295 are subject to
voluntary escrow arrangements of 6 months and 1,805,996 are subject to voluntary escrow
arrangements of 12 months. None of the options granted in consideration can be exercised until 4 July
2021 and expire on 4 July 2023.
The current directors of Lockbox Technologies are not continuing in their roles and we are pleased to
confirm that the founder, Steven Engel will be taking up the new position of Head of Engineering - Board
division.
thedocyard advises that it is considering options to raise capital by way of issuance of equity securities.
thedocyard will provide further updates as required.

PURPOSE OF THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION
The undertaking of the LockBox Transaction aligns with the Company’s growth strategy and expansion
plans in Australia, New Zealand, the UK and Asia which have been previously foreshadowed in the
Company’s IPO prospectus.
It is anticipated that this transaction will allow thedocyard to expand its product offering and pipeline of
new products to many of the same clients and prospects as it builds its sale force and marketing
momentum in these regions.

thedocyard Limited
ABN: 19 602 586 407
c/o Emerson Corporate Legal Operations
Suite 4201, Level 42, Australia Square, 264 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000

2

THEDOCYARD’S GROWTH STRATEGY AND EXPANSION PLANS
The Board of thedocyard considers the acquisition of LockBox Technologies as confirmation of the
company’s plans to grow through organic revenue opportunities and the acquisition of technologies and
companies which may be significant if value accretive and are consistent with the company’s product
and growth strategy.

For personal use only

thedocyard believes that companies are looking to increase governance of critical information to help
manage risks, ensure compliance, simplify communication and execute effectively on corporate
development opportunities. thedocyard team will continue to evaluate global value accretive mergers &
acquisition opportunities that achieve this vision.
Consistent with the LockBox Transaction, it is expected future mergers and acquisitions may be
undertaken using thedocyard scrip as part or all of the consideration to be paid.
ENDS
Approved for release by the Board

MEDIA & INVESTOR ENQUIRIES

Neale Java
Chief Financial Officer & Chief Operating Officer (CFO/COO)
neale.java@thedocyard.co
ABOUT THEDOCYARD

thedocyard Limited (ASX:TDY) is a cloud-based deal space built specifically for managing the entire
lifecycle of any corporate or commercial transaction.
For more information visit: www.thedocyard.co		

thedocyard Limited
ABN: 19 602 586 407
c/o Emerson Corporate Legal Operations
Suite 4201, Level 42, Australia Square, 264 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000

3

