Thomson Resources Ltd

For personal use only

ABN: 82 138 358 728
Suite 3, Level 1
80 Chandos Street
St Leonards NSW 2065
PO Box 956
Crows Nest NSW 1585
P: +61 2 9906 6225
F: +61 2 9906 5233

6 July 2020
THOMSON RESOURCES LIMITED (‘TMZ’): PRICE - QUERY

Lin Kang
ASX Limited
20 Bridge St
SYDNEY NSW 2000
Dear Lin,
We refer to your email received on Monday 6th July 2020, in relation to a noted change in the price
of TMZ’s securities from a low of $0.024 to a high of $0.053 in the last few days, and the significant
increase in the volume of TMZ’s securities traded from 2 July 2020 to 6 July 2020.
We provide the following response to your queries:
1. Is TMZ aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which,
if known by some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
No.

2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
Not applicable.

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that TMZ may have for the
recent trading in its securities?
No.

4. Please confirm that TMZ is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
The Company continues to comply with all ASX Listing Rules, including Listing Rule 3.1.

5. Please confirm that TMZ’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved
under its published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of TMZ with
delegated authority from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.
This response has been authorised and approved by Board of TMZ.

Yours sincerely,

Richard Willson
Director & Company Secretary

For personal use only

6 July 2020
Reference: 20164
Mr Richard Willson
Company Secretary
Thomson Resources Limited
Level 1
80 Chandos Street
St Leonards
NSW 2065
By email: richard@willson.com.au
Dear Mr Willson
Thomson Resources Limited (‘TMZ’): Price - Query
ASX refers to the following:
A. The change in the price of TMZ’s securities from a low of $0.024 to a high of $0.053 in the last few days.
B. The significant increase in the volume of TMZ’s securities traded from 2 July 2020 to 6 July 2020.
Request for information
In light of this, ASX asks TMZ to respond separately to each of the following questions and requests for
information:
1. Is TMZ aware of any information concerning it that has not been announced to the market which, if known by
some in the market, could explain the recent trading in its securities?
2. If the answer to question 1 is “yes”.
(a)

Is TMZ relying on Listing Rule 3.1A not to announce that information under Listing Rule 3.1? Please
note that the recent trading in TMZ’s securities would suggest to ASX that such information may
have ceased to be confidential and therefore TMZ may no longer be able to rely on Listing Rule
3.1A. Accordingly, if the answer to this question is “yes”, you need to contact us immediately to
discuss the situation.

(b)

Can an announcement be made immediately? Please note, if the answer to this question is “no”,
you need to contact us immediately to discuss requesting a trading halt (see below).

(c)

If an announcement cannot be made immediately, why not and when is it expected that an
announcement will be made?

3. If the answer to question 1 is “no”, is there any other explanation that TMZ may have for the recent trading
in its securities?
4. Please confirm that TMZ is complying with the Listing Rules and, in particular, Listing Rule 3.1.
5. Please confirm that TMZ’s responses to the questions above have been authorised and approved under its
published continuous disclosure policy or otherwise by its board or an officer of TMZ with delegated authority
from the board to respond to ASX on disclosure matters.

ASX Limited [[Listings]]

ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

When and where to send your response
This request is made under Listing Rule 18.7. Your response is required as soon as reasonably possible and, in
any event, by no later than 1.30 PM AEST Today Monday, 6 July 2020. You should note that if the information
requested by this letter is information required to be given to ASX under Listing Rule 3.1 and it does not fall
within the exceptions mentioned in Listing Rule 3.1A, TMZ’s obligation is to disclose the information
‘immediately’. This may require the information to be disclosed before the deadline set out in the previous
paragraph and may require TMZ to request a trading halt immediately.
Your response should be sent to me by e-mail at ListingsComplianceSydney@asx.com.au. It should not be sent
directly to the ASX Market Announcements Office. This is to allow me to review your response to confirm that it
is in a form appropriate for release to the market, before it is published on the ASX Market Announcements
Platform.
Trading halt
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, or if the answer to question 1 is “yes” and
an announcement cannot be made immediately, you should discuss with us whether it is appropriate to request
a trading halt in TMZ’s securities under Listing Rule 17.1. If you wish a trading halt, you must tell us:
•

the reasons for the trading halt;

•

how long you want the trading halt to last;

•

the event you expect to happen that will end the trading halt;

•

that you are not aware of any reason why the trading halt should not be granted; and

•

any other information necessary to inform the market about the trading halt, or that we ask for.

We require the request for a trading halt to be in writing. The trading halt cannot extend past the commencement
of normal trading on the second day after the day on which it is granted. You can find further information about
trading halts in Guidance Note 16 Trading Halts & Voluntary Suspensions.
Suspension
If you are unable to respond to this letter by the time specified above, ASX will likely suspend trading in TMZ’s
securities under Listing Rule 17.3.
Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A
In responding to this letter, you should have regard to TMZ’s obligations under Listing Rules 3.1 and 3.1A and
also to Guidance Note 8 Continuous Disclosure: Listing Rules 3.1 – 3.1B. It should be noted that TMZ’s obligation
to disclose information under Listing Rule 3.1 is not confined to, nor is it necessarily satisfied by, answering the
questions set out in this letter.
Release of correspondence between ASX and entity
We reserve the right to release a copy of this letter, your reply and any other related correspondence between
us to the market under Listing Rule 18.7A.
Questions
If you have any questions in relation to the above, please do not hesitate to contact me.

2/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

For personal use only

Kind regards
Lin Kang
Adviser, Listings Compliance (Sydney)

3/3
ASX Customer Service Centre 131 279 | asx.com.au

